id_bo	title	ref_txt	kw_list	eor
J164508651137	Recovery of germanium from waste Optical Fibers by hydrometallurgical method	With the rapid development of optical fiber communications industry, germanium as main raw materials of optical fiber cables become more important in recent years. Due to the scarcity and importance of germanium, we developing an effective recycling process of recovering germanium metal from waste fiber optic cables. The process was arranged to do pre-treatment, leach the fiber and extract the germanium from silicon. In the leaching step, the concentration of different acid, reaction time and liquid-solid ratio were investigated. At the solvent extraction process, the pH value, concentration of extractant and stripping agents, organic-aqueous ratio and reaction time were considered. In leaching step, germanium and silicon were dissolved in solution by sulfuric acid and hydrofluoric acid. Then, germanium was extracted by Trioctylamine (TOA) to the organic phase and silicon was remained in the aqueous by controlling the conditions. After then, Germanium was then stripped by sodium hydroxide. With the optimal conditions, the recovery of germanium could be up to 99%. After separation, germanium could be recycled to back to the industrial effectively.	 Optical fiber cables; Germanium; Leaching; Solvent extraction;.	###
J1758503974X	Microfluidics for synthesis and morphology control of hierarchical porous covalent organic polymer monolith	The hierarchical porous monoliths are important in enhancing diffusion efficiency and reducing pressure drop in heterogeneous catalysis. Here, a practical way to synthesize hierarchical porous covalent organic polymer (COP) monolith by using droplet microfluidic is proposed. The interconnected macro pores (up to__~/__130__nm) were created within intrinsic microporous COP structures by the further condensation of COP particles in the confined microdroplets. Concentration, flow rate ratio, catalyst, etc., were screened to figure out the superior condition for producing different hierarchical porous COP monolith in microfluidic. Rod-like and spherical monolith with gradient sizes were controllable synthesized to satisfy the requirements of different packing density for practical applications. Significantly, our homemade single microreactor is able to produce the spherical hierarchical porous COP monolith with a high space-time yield of 413__kg~xm{_-3}~xday{_-1} at optimized condition, which provides a promising scale-up method to synthesize COP monoliths for but not limit to industrial heterogeneous catalysis.	 Droplet microfluidic system; Porous material; Hierarchical porous monolith; Massive producing; Microchemical.	###
J1746904755	The wisdom nexus: Guiding information systems research, practice, and education	"_6Wisdom~"" has been at the heart of practical, philosophical, and spiritual disciplines since antiquity and is now increasingly receiving organizational as well as academic attention in scholarly areas that include psychology and organizational studies among others. However, practical wisdom has not received adequate focus in the information systems (IS) discipline. In this commentary, we make the case for a systemic focus on the role of wisdom in IS research, teaching, and practice. We introduce underlying theoretical concepts of wisdom; review relevant key research linking wisdom and IS; propose a framework to link wisdom with IS research, practice, and education; and discuss the implications of the framework and illustrate how it can be used to generate research opportunities for IS. We conclude that wisdom, whose goal is the common good, can provide a foundation to discover, view, understand, and resolve myriad issues that lie at the nexus of wisdom and information technologies."	 information systems; knowledge management; practical wisdom; research directions; technology; wisdom.	###
J1646565X38	First principles predictions of electronic and elastic properties of BaPb[2]As[2] in the ThCr[2]Si[2]-type structure	A first-principles approach is used to predicts the electronic and elastic properties of BaPb[2]As[2] superconductor compound, using full-potential linearized augmented plane wave plus local orbitals (FP-L/APW+lo) scheme within the local density approximation LDA. The calculated equilibrium structural parameter a agree well with the experiment while the c/a ratio is far away from the experimental result. The band structure, density of states, together with the charge density and chemical bonding are discussed. The calculated elastic constants for our compound indicate that it is mechanically stable at ambient pressure. Polycrystalline elastic moduli (Young's, Bulk, shear Modulus and the Poisson's ratio) were calculated according to the Voigte-Reusse-Hill (VRH) average.	 Superconductivity; BaPb2As2; FP-LAPW; LDA; Elastic.	###
J17280718104	Remote Effects of Transplanted Perivascular Adipose Tissue on Endothelial Function and Atherosclerosis	Purpose. Perivascular adipose tissue (PVAT) surrounds the arterial adventitia and plays an important role in vascular homeostasis. PVAT expands in obesity, and inflamed PVAT can locally promote endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis. Here, using adipose tissue transplantation, we tested the hypothesis that expansion of PVAT can also remotely exacerbate vascular disease. Methods. Fifty milligrams of abdominal aortic PVAT was isolated from high-fat diet (HFD)-fed wild-type mice and transplanted onto the abdominal aorta of lean LDL receptor knockout mice. Subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissues were used as controls. After HFD feeding for 10 weeks, body weight, glucose/insulin sensitivity, and lipid levels were measured. Adipocytokine gene expression was assessed in the transplanted adipose tissues, and the thoracic aorta was harvested to quantify atherosclerotic lesions by Oil-Red O staining and to assess vasorelaxation by wire myography. Results. PVAT transplantation did not influence body weight, fat composition, lipid levels, or glucose/insulin sensitivity. However, as compared with controls, transplantation of PVAT onto the abdominal aorta increased thoracic aortic atherosclerosis. Furthermore, PVAT transplantation onto the abdominal aorta inhibited endothelium-dependent relaxation in the thoracic aorta. MCP-1 and TNF-_a expression was elevated, while adiponectin expression was reduced, in the transplanted PVAT tissue, suggesting augmented inflammation as a potential mechanism for the remote vascular effects of transplanted PVAT. Conclusions. These data suggest that PVAT expansion and inflammation in obesity can remotely induce endothelial dysfunction and augment atherosclerosis. Identifying the underlying mechanisms may lead to novel approaches for risk assessment and treatment of obesity-related vascular disease.	 Perivascular adipose tissue, Fat transplantation, Endothelial dysfunction, Atherosclerosis,.	###
J16424368112	Two new tercopolymers incorporating electron-rich benzodithiophene and electron-accepting pyrrolo_(3,4-c_)pyrrole-1,3-dione and difluorobenzothiadiazole derivatives for polymer solar cells	Two new tercopolymers (RP1 and RP2) containing electron-donating benzodithiophene, weak electron-accepting pyrrolo_(3,4-c_)pyrrole-1,3-dione derivative and strong electron-accepting 5,6-difluorobenzothiadiazole derivative were prepared. The opto-electrical studies showed that RP1 and RP2 displayed identical optical band gaps (E[g]~/ 1.72 eV) and highest occupied/lowest unoccupied molecular orbital energy levels (HOMO/LUMO ~/ _-5.32 eV/_-3.60 eV). The polymer solar cells prepared with the configuration of ITO/PEDOT:PSS/RP1:PC[70]BM (1:1.5 wt%) + 3 vol% DIO/Al and ITO/PEDOT:PSS/RP2:PC[70]BM (1:1.5 wt%) + 3 vol% DIO/Al exhibited a maximum power conversion efficiency (PCE) of 5.16% (V[oc]~/ 0.76 V, J[sc]~/ 10.93 mA/cm{2}, and FF ~/ 0.62) and a PCE of 3.56% (V[oc]~/ 0.67 V, J[sc]~/ 9.67 mA/cm{2}, and FF ~/ 0.55), respectively.		###
J18205442394	Experimental study on the condensation and heat transfer of impinging steam jet on the water surface	For the steam jet impinged onto the water surface, we experimentally investigated the effect of Reynolds number (Re) and nozzle-to-water surface distance (z/d) on the condensation and heat transfer. The range of Re is from 51,332 to 140,089 and nozzle-to-water surface distance is from 40 to 70 nozzle diameter. In order to quantitatively analyze the condensation of steam vapor on the water surface and on the wall of water tank, the mass and energy balance equations were derived and solved. The results indicate that the condensation of steam vapor on the water surface increases with as Re increases and z/d decreases. Thus, the amount of heat transfer by condensation of steam vapor on the water surface also increases as Re increases and z/d decreases. Finally, a correlation for the heat transfer was developed by combining the experimental parameters.	 Heat transfer; Impinging steam jet;.	###
J16364896363	A simple chemical approach to regenerating the strength of thermally damaged glass fibre	Process-induced strength loss is a major technical barrier to the effective reuse of thermally recycled glass fibres in composite applications. We have developed a novel approach to effectively restore strength in glass fibres through treatment in alkaline solutions. Glass fibres were treated at elevated temperature and experienced significant strength loss found typically after thermal recycling processes. Different alkaline treatments were then applied to the thermally damaged fibres in an attempt to restore strength which had been lost as a result of the heat conditioning procedure. Results indicated that these treatments were able to generate considerable fibre strength recovery. The degree of strength regeneration was found to be highly dependent on reaction conditions, which were investigated and optimised. The positive effect of these simple chemical treatments demonstrated great potential for facilitating the reuse of thermally recycled glass fibres in composite applications.	 A. Glass fibres; A. Recycling; B. Strength; E. Surface.	###
J16271766346	PVDF/PAN Blend Membrane: Preparation, Characterization and Fouling Analysis	Ultrafiltration membranes were prepared from blend of the poly(vinylidene fluoride) (PVDF) with polyacrylonitrile (PAN) via phase inversion method induced by immersion precipitation. N,N-dimethylacetamide (DMAc) and water were used as solvent and coagulant (non-solvent), respectively. The effect of blending ratio on the morphology and antifouling behavior of the prepared membranes was investigated. The performance of the membranes was evaluated by using cross flow filtration of pure water and buffered bovine serum albumin (BSA) solution as feed. Contact angle measurements indicated that the hydrophilicities of the PVDF/PAN membranes increased by increasing PAN concentration in the casting solution. The minimum BSA rejection was obtained for the membrane with 10% of PAN. However, higher values of PAN result in pore blockage of the membrane and an increase in the irreversible fouling resistance.		###
J16569072338	Fast, large-scale hologram calculation in wavelet domain	We propose a large-scale hologram calculation using WAvelet ShrinkAge-Based superpositIon (WASABI), a wavelet transform-based algorithm. An image-type hologram calculated using the WASABI method is printed on a glass substrate with the resolution of 65,536_*65,536 pixels and a pixel pitch of 1 _mm. The hologram calculation time amounts to approximately 354 s on a commercial CPU, which is approximately 30 times faster than conventional methods.	 Computer-generated hologram; Electroholography; Hologram; Holography; Holographic.	###
J16343465231	Side-by-Side Comparison of Single- and Dual-Active Layer Oxide TFTs: Experiment and TCAD Simulation	Single-active layer (SAL) and dual-active layer (DAL) oxide thin-film transistors (TFTs) are fabricated using the same process conditions and compared side by side. The SAL channel consists of amorphous In-Ga-Zn-O (a-IGZO), and the DAL of ultrathin In-Sn-O and a-IGZO. The DAL TFT exhibits strongly improved performance compared to the SAL TFT such as higher mobility of 31 cm{2}~xV{-1}~xs{-1}, smaller subthreshold swing of 175 mV/dec, and better positive bias temperature stress stability. Technology computeraided design simulation is used to investigate the SAL and DAL device performance. A mapping technique is used to directly correlate the transfer characteristics to the subbandgap density of states. The simulation suggests that the improved performance of the DAL TFT is due to an improved gate insulator/channel interface with an approximately one order of magnitude lower interface trap density	 amorphous semiconductors; indium compounds; semiconductor device manufacture; semiconductor device models; technology CAD (electronics); thin film transistors; DAL TFT; InGaZnO; InSnO; SAL TFT; TCAD simulation; dual-active layer oxide TFT; gate.	###
J16136850253	Ratiometric Fluorescence Detection of Anthrax Biomarker with Eu{III}-EDTA Functionalized Mixed Poly(diacetylene) Liposomes	Anthrax, a bacteriogenic fatal infectious disease that is harmful to humans, requires the early and ready detection of its bacterial endospores. We report herein the use of poly(diacetylene acid) derived liposomes functionalized with Eu{III}-EDTA complexes as a ratiometric fluorescence detection system for dipicolinate, an anthrax biomarker and major component of the endospores. The red fluorescence of the polymerized liposomes provides a built-in reference signal to monitor the relative change of the europium luminescence sensitized by the bound dipicolinate relative to the reference liposome emission. The liposome-based integrated sensing system shows reasonable sensitivity as well as remarkable selectivity toward dipicolinate over other structurally related analytes. Paper strip sensors based on the polymerized liposomes are also prepared for the visible detection of dipicolinate.	 biomarker; fluorescence; lanthanides; liposomes; sensors.	###
J16769381121	Predicting the volumes of crystals	New crystal structures are frequently derived by performing ionic substitutions on known crystal structures. These derived structures are then used in further experimental analysis, or as the initial guess for structural optimization in electronic structure calculations, both of which usually require a reasonable guess of the lattice parameters. In this work, we propose two lattice prediction schemes to improve the initial guess of a candidate crystal structure. The first scheme relies on a one-to-one mapping of species in the candidate crystal structure to a known crystal structure, while the second scheme relies on data-mined minimum atom pair distances to predict the crystal volume of the candidate crystal structure and does not require a reference structure. We demonstrate that the two schemes can effectively predict the volumes within mean absolute errors (MAE) as low as 3.8% and 8.2%. We also discuss the various factors that may impact the performance of the schemes. Implementations for both schemes are available in the open-source pymatgen software.	 Crystal volume; Lattice prediction; Data mining; Structural optimization; Ionic.	###
J1568725X205	A novel approach to explore organochalcogen chemistry of tellurium based receptor for selective determination of silver ions in aqueous medium	Abstract In due consideration of the growing importance of chemical sensors for the detection and quantification of toxic heavy metal ions to counter water pollution, a novel class of tellurium-based organic receptors has been investigated as a potentially sensitive and selective silver-ion probe in the present work. The new tellurium-incorporated Schiff base ligand (R1) was chemically synthesized and characterized using various spectroscopic techniques. Upon an exposure of organic nanoparticles (N1) of the title receptor ligand (R1) to a pool of select heavy metal ions, the former displayed high sensitivity and selectivity towards silver ions, in aqueous medium, with a detection limit of 2.34 nM. Interestingly, the presence of metal ions bearing close physico-chemical resemblance to silver exerted negligible interference in the ultra-sensitive detection of silver ions by the title probe N1. Furthermore, the precision and accuracy of the potential silver-ion sensor (N1) in aqueous medium was established across a wide pH range as well as under saline conditions. The analytical utility of this potential silver-ion probe R1 was further investigated for real sample analysis of objects of environmental applicability. The results of the same were authenticated by using atomic absorption spectroscopy. In summary, an investigation into the utility of a new class of tellurium-based organic receptors as potential metal-ion sensors opens a new avenue into the rather poorly-comprehended environmental relevance of organotellurium chemistry.	 Tridentate; Fluorescent; Sensor; Metal recognition; Aqueous.	###
J1757827X312	Freeze-thaw effect on the durability of binary cements containing activated coal-mining waste	The present work contains an approach to the evaluation of binary cements prepared with a 20% substitution of coal-mining waste and their behaviour under a maximum of 300 freeze/thaw cycles. Mineralogical studies are conducted, as well as tests on mass variations, compressive strength, microporosity, the dynamic modulus of elasticity, and SEM morphologies. It is important to highlight that the partial replacement of cement by 20% of activated coal waste, does not affect the durability against freeze/thaw cycles, since they show a fairly similar tendency to the reference mortar under extreme temperature changes.	 Coal waste; Binary cement; Reaction kinetics; Freeze/thaw; Properties;.	###
J15730236332	Back Cover: Metal-Organic Framework Supported on Processable Polymer Matrix by In Situ Copolymerization for Enhanced Iron(III) Detection (Chem. Eur. J. 16/2017)	The in situ copolymerization strategy was developed to integrate a mesoporous metal-organic framework (MOF) material with pre-designed active groups into the organic polymer matrix. The targeting MOF polymer composite is transparent, elastic, and processable with desired shape and thickness, which also shows an enhanced capability for Fe{III} ion detection due to the synergistic effect of composite with the newly formed bonding between MOF particle and polymer matrix. More information can be found in the Full Paper by S.-M. Fang, M. Du et al. on page 3885 ff.	 copolymerization; iron; metal-organic frameworks; organic-inorganic hybrid composites;.	###
J15889383201	The effects of pharmaceuticals on a unionid mussel (Lampsilis siliquoidea): An examination of acute and chronic endpoints of toxicity across life stages	The toxicity and bioconcentration of 3 pharmaceuticals (amitriptyline, iopamidol, and sertraline) were examined using multiple life stages (larval, juvenile, and adult) of the unionid mussel Lampsilis siliquoidea. The endpoints examined varied with life stage but included survival, behavior (algal clearance rate, filtering frequency), and oxidative stress. Iopamidol was not toxic at concentrations up to 101mg/L. Sertraline was the most toxic chemical (50% lethal concentrations _(LC50_) and effect concentrations _(EC50_)=0.02-0.04mg/L), but exposure did not induce oxidative stress. Glochidia and juveniles were more sensitive than adult mussels. Algal clearance rate in juvenile mussels was the most sensitive endpoint assessed, similar to or lower than the LC50 values for glochidia. However, the compounds examined were not toxic at concentrations detected in the environment. The relative bioconcentration factors were sertraline>amitriptyline>iopamidol. These results suggest that glochidia toxicity could be a screening tool for rapidly assessing the toxicity of chemicals of concern to freshwater mussels. Environ Toxicol Chem 2017;36:1572-1583. 2016 SETAC	 Amitriptyline; Bioconcentration; Iopamidol; Sertraline; Pharmaceuticals; Freshwater.	###
J16997791189	Anti-allergic inflammatory components from Sanguisorba officinalis L.	Sanguisorba officinalis L. was well known as a traditional herbal medicine to treat inflammation and allergic skin diseases. The aim of this research was to indentify compounds with anti-allergic inflammatory property. Twenty-five compounds (1-25) were isolated from S. officinalis including two new compounds (1 and 8), and their chemical structures were identified by NMR and ESIMS analysis. Consequently, the anti-allergic inflammatory activities of these isolates were investigated by inhibiting _b-hexosaminidase and IL-4 production in PMA/A23187-stimulated RBL-2H3 cells. Compounds 6, 8, 13, 17-18 and 25 significantly inhibited _b-hexosaminidase release and IL-4 production. Additionally, compounds 8, 17 and 25 effectively suppressed the activation of NF-_kB and NF-_kB p65 translocation into the nucleus. Anti-inflammatory effects of isolated compounds were evaluated in LPS-stimulated RAW264.7 macrophages, and they showed dramatic inhibition on LPS-induced overproduction of nitric oxide (NO) and TNF-_a. Consistently, the protein levels of iNOS and COX-2 were remarkably decreased by the single compounds 8, 13 and 25. These results showed that compounds 8, 13 and 25 from S. officinalis may have a therapeutic potential for allergic inflammatory diseases.	  L.; Rosaceae; Anti-allergic inflammatory; NF-_kB; iNOS and.	###
J17932464435	Module integration in an adsorption cooling system	A numerical analysis was conducted to estimate the system performance of an adsorption cooling chiller composed of multi-modules. Each module was composed of multi-tubes and each tube was composed of hundreds of fins. To accurately estimate system performance, a new approach was suggested, involving a full scale analysis of one tube. Also an examination of system integration depending on the arrangement of the modules was conducted. Two factors, i.e., (i) temperature drop in the serial arrangement and (ii) reduced flow rate in the parallel arrangement, compete, and ultimately a combined serial-parallel arrangement gives the highest overall system performance. The obtained system performance of COP and SCP were much lower than those modeled with one fin pitch space, the method normally used in previous studies, whose results always over-estimated the system performance compared to experiments.	 Adsorption chiller; System integration; Module arrangement; System.	###
J15840848316	Bioaugmentation with bacteria selected from the microbiome enhances Arthrocnemum macrostachyum metal accumulation and tolerance	Abstract A glasshouse experiment was designed to investigate the role of bacterial consortia isolated from the endosphere (CE) and rhizosphere (CR) of Arthrocnemum macrostachyum on its metal uptake capacity and tolerance in plants grown in metal polluted sediments. A. macrostachyum plants were randomly assigned to three bioaugmentation treatments (CE, CR and without inoculation) during 120 days. Bioaugmentation with both bacterial consortia enhanced A. macrostachyum capacity to accumulate ions in its roots, while shoot ions concentration only increased with CE treatment. Furthermore bioaugmentation ameliorated the phytotoxicity levels, which was reflected in an increment of plant growth of 59 and 113% for shoots and 52 and 98% for roots with CE and CR treatments, respectively. This effect was supported by bacteria beneficial effect on photochemical apparatus and the modulation of its oxidative stress machinery. These findings indicated that bacteria selected from the microbiome can be claimed to improve A. macrostachyum metal remediation efficiency.	 Arthrocnemum macrostachyum; Endophytic bacteria; Metal pollution; PGPB; Phytoremediation; Rhizospheric.	###
J16289649139	Laboratory tests for permeability of sand during liquefaction	The permeability is a very important property affecting drainage, pore pressure buildup and dissipation, and ground settlement for saturated sand during and after seismically induced liquefaction. A laboratory experiment was developed to conduct tests for evaluating the water movements and permeability in a sand column before, during and after liquefaction. The excess pore water pressures at various depths within the sand specimen, hydraulic gradients, and water flow rates were recorded continuously throughout the tests. The permeability of the sand specimen during the process of liquefaction was calculated from these measurements. Results showed that the permeability of fine Vietnam sand during liquefaction was about 4-5 times the initial value before liquefaction, while it reduced to 0.9-0.97 times the initial value after complete dissipation of the excess pore pressures depending on the density of sand. The permeability of sand during excess pore pressure dissipation after liquefaction was also evaluated.	 Permeability; Sand; Liquefaction; Laboratory test; Pore.	###
J17210930260	Power System Compensation Using a Power-Electronics Integrated Transformer	This paper presents a new transformer, that is, the custom power active transformer (CPAT)-which integrates shunt and series equivalent circuits within the transformer's magnetic structure. Thus, it provides power system services using a single transformer. The CPAT equipped with a power converter can be utilized in distribution systems to control grid current and load-voltage waveforms while operating as a step-up or step-down transformer between the grid and load. Moreover, it can provide other services that any typical shunt-series compensation arrangement provides. The design and analysis of a single-phase CPAT are presented, showing the effect of coupling between windings and transformer parameters affecting CPAT operation. In this paper, control of the CPAT in a unified power-quality controller application is investigated to attenuate grid-current and load-voltage harmonics as well as compensate for reactive power requirements and mitigate grid inrush current. Through simulation and experimental implementation, the merits and performance of the CPAT were validated	 compensation; electric current control; power convertors; power distribution control; power grids; power supply quality; power system harmonics; power transformers; voltage control; series equivalent circuits; power system services; power converter;.	###
J1727791150	Multiple remote tower for Single European Sky: The evolution from initial operational concept to regulatory approved implementation	The European Union project of Single European Sky initiated a reorganization of European airspace and proposed additional measures for air traffic management to achieve the key objectives of improving efficiency and capacity while at the same time enhancing safety. The concept of multiple remote tower operation is that air traffic controllers (ATCOs) can control several airfields from a distant virtual control centre. The control of multiple airfields can be centralised to a virtual centre permitting the more efficient use of ATCO resources. This research was sponsored by the Single European Sky ATM Research Program and the ATM Operations Division of the Irish Aviation Authority. A safety case was developed for migration of multiple remote tower services to live operations. This research conducted 50 large scale demonstration trials of remote tower operations from single tower operations to multiple tower operations for safety assessment by air navigation safety regulators in 2016. A dedicated team of air traffic controllers and technology experts successfully completed the safety assessment of multiple remote tower operations in real time. The implementation of this innovative technology requires a careful balance between cost-efficiency and the safety of the air traffic control in terms of capacity and human performance. The live trial exercises demonstrated that the air traffic services provided by the remote tower for a single airport and two medium airports by a single ATCO with 'in sequence' and 'simultaneous' aircraft operation was at least as safe as provided by the local towers at Cork and Shannon aerodromes. No safety occurrence was reported nor did any operational safety issue arise during the conduct of the fifty live trial exercises.	 Air traffic control; Cost efficiency; Human performance; Multiple remote tower operations; Safety assessment; Single European.	###
J16259499422	Solvatochromic benzo_(h_) coumarins: Synthesis, solvatochromism, NLO and DFT study	Three benzo_(h_) coumarins were synthesized and analyzed for their potential NLOphoric properties. Coumarins were synthesized using Knoevenagel condensation method by reacting hydroxyl-naphthalene aldehyde with cyano-methylelene-benzazoles containing NH, O and S elements respectively as the active methylene compounds. The absorption maxima for the coumarins are not affected by the solvent polarity but emission maxima does. Emission solvatochromism was analyzed using various solvent polarity functions which highlights the polarity dependency of the emission profile. Coumarins showed satisfactory values for first and second hyperpolarizability which are comparable using solvatochromism and DFT. NLO properties are also compared with the limits of hyperpolarizability calculated using sum rule of quantum mechanics. Results show that the NLO properties predicted by DFT are close to the upper limits of hyperpolarizability. The functional CAM-B3LYP is proven to be suitable for predicting NLO properties for these coumarins compared to functional B3LYP. The present study highlights the importance of such molecules for incorporating in advanced NLOphores.	 Benzocoumarins; Solvatochromism; DFT; TDDFT; Hyperpolarizability; Limits of.	###
J16226639349	Compositional design of Fe-based multi-component bulk metallic glass based on CALPHAD method	A quantificational composition design protocol (CDP) of Fe-based bulk metallic glasses (BMGs) with excellent glass-forming ability (GFA) has been proposed on the basis of the thermodynamic calculations. The stability of liquid and the crystallization of solids were both evaluated from the perspective of atomic structure and local composition. The present protocol successfully associates the stability of liquid to the melting point of alloy and the difficulty of crystallization by considering the type and competition of potential equilibrated phases. Specifically, this protocol provided the selection criteria of phases and elements from the viewpoint of structure and composition fluctuations during nucleation for each phase, whose accuracy and effectiveness were experimentally verified.	 Bulk metallic glasses; Composition design protocol; Potential crystalline phases; Phase.	###
J17544014114	Thorium distribution in the crust: Outcrop and grain-scale perspectives	The spatial distribution of heat producing elements (K, U, and Th) in the continental crust has long-term implications for the thermal and physical evolution of orogens. Heat producing elements, in particular Th, are most abundant in metasedimentary rock types. As such, these rock types have a significant control on the spatial distribution of heat production in the crust. The major host of the heat producing element thorium in pelitic metasedimentary rocks is the REE-Th phosphate monazite. We present in-field gamma ray spectrometry (in-field GRS) data integrated with grain-scale electron probe microanalysis data to reveal grain to terrane scale links in thorium distribution. In-field GRS data shows that thorium is not depleted in granulite facies residual rocks that have lost melt with respect to their subsolidus counterparts. Concurrently, the bulk thorium budget of monazite is approximately uniform within samples and if anything increases with increasing metamorphic grade. Monazite average grain size increases with metamorphic grade and prograde cores are largely preserved in granulite facies samples. Thorium is preserved in residual metasediments after melting and melt loss implying that even when melting and melt extraction is efficient it does not strip Th from granulite facies rocks.	 Mt. Stafford; Monazite chemistry; gamma-Ray spectrometry; Electron probe microanalysis.	###
J1594812683	Platinum-group mineralization at the margin of the Skaergaard intrusion, East Greenland	Two occurrences of platinum-group elements (PGEs) along the northern margin of the Skaergaard intrusion include a sulfide-bearing gabbro with slightly less than 1 ppm PGE + Au and a clinopyroxene-actinolite-plagioclase-biotite-ilmenite schist with 16 vol% sulfide and 1.8 ppm PGE + Au. Both have assemblages of pyrrhotite, pentlandite, and chalcopyrite typical for orthomagmatic sulfides. Matching platinum-group mineral assemblages with sperrylite (PtAs[2]), kotulskite (Pd(Bi,Te)[1-2]), froodite (PdBi[2]), michenerite (PdBiTe), and electrum (Au,Ag) suggest a common origin. Petrological and geochemical similarities suggest that the occurrences are related to the Skaergaard intrusion. The Marginal Border Series locally displays Ni depletion consistent with sulfide fractionation, and the PGE fractionation trends of the occurrences are systematically enriched by 10-50 times over the chilled margin. The PGE can be explained by sulfide-silicate immiscibility in the Skaergaard magma with R factors of 110-220. Nickel depletion in olivine suggests that the process occurred within the host cumulate, and the low R factors require little sulfide mobility. The sulfide assemblages are different to the chalcopyrite-bornite-digenite assemblage found in the Skaergaard Layered Series and Platinova Reef. These differences can be explained by the early formation of sulfide melt, while magmatic differentiation or sulfur loss caused the unusual sulfide assemblage within the Layered Series. The PGEs indicate that the sulfides formed from the Skaergaard magma. The sulfides and PGEs could not have formed from the nearby Watkins Fjord wehrlite intrusion, which is nearly barren in sulfide. We suggest that silicate-sulfide immiscibility led to PGE concentration where the Skaergaard magma became contaminated with material from the Archean basement.	 Skaergaard intrusion, Platinum-group elements, Greenland.	###
J16238769315	Experimental study on co-pyrolysis and gasification of biomass with deoiled asphalt	The behavior of co-pyrolysis and gasification of biomass and deoiled asphalt (DOA) was investigated. The co-pyrolysis of three biomasses and DOA reflected no obvious synergetic effect on the char yield, but the char's graphite degree reduced greatly. For the DOA was melted and stuck to the biomass surface during pyrolysis, the co-pyrolysis char showed an obvious agglomeration. The gasification rate of the co-pyrolysis chars was greatly increased by the addition of biomass, and the gasification curve were much similar to that of a homogenous char, indicating the blends were quite uniform and the alkali and alkaline earth metals in biomass could catalyze DOA gasification greatly. Sunflower stalk which has the highest potassium content and mineral content promoted the gasification rate best. Kinetic analysis showed that the average E values of the co-pyrolysis chars increased compared with the pure biomass char. The co-gasification of DOA and biomass is a good choice for disposing DOA.	 Deoiled asphalt; Biomass; Co-pyrolysis/gasification; Catalytic.	###
J16572510170	Influence of crystallinity of as-deposited Ge film on formation of quantum dot in carbon-mediated solid-phase epitaxy	The influence of crystallinity of as-deposited Ge films on Ge quantum dot (QD) formation via carbon (C)-mediated solid-phase epitaxy (SPE) was investigated. The samples were fabricated by solid-source molecular beam epitaxy (MBE). Ge/C/Si structure was formed by sequential deposition of C and Ge at deposition temperature (T[D]) of 150-400_0C, and it was heat-treated in the MBE chamber at 650_0C. In the case of amorphous or a mixture of amorphous and nano-crystalline Ge film grown for T[D] _<250_0C, density of QDs increased with increasing T[D] due to the increase of C-Ge bonds in Ge layer. Ge QDs with diameter of 9.2_+2.1 nm were formed in the highest density of 8.3_*10{11} cm{_-2} for T[D] =250_0C. On the contrary, in the case of polycrystalline Ge film for T[D] _>300_0C, density of QDs decreased slightly. This is because C incorporation into Ge layer during SPE was suppressed due to the as-crystallized columnar grains. These results suggest that as-deposited Ge film in a mixture of amorphous and nano-crystalline state is suitable to form small and dense Ge QDs via C-mediated SPE.	 Germanium; Quantum dot; Carbon; Silicon; Solid-phase epitaxy; Molecular beam epitaxy.	###
J14968158382	Carbon nanohorns based counter electrodes developed by spray method for dye sensitized solar cells	The manuscript presents an analysis of the single wall carbon nanohorns (SWCNH) and graphene nanoplatelets (GNP) decorated counter electrodes for Dye Sensitized Solar Cells (DSSCs) application. The systematic catalytic activity and electrochemical performance of the SWCNH and GNP are also studied. SWCNH loaded DSSC showed higher photovoltaic conversion efficiency (4.09%) than the GNP (3.13%) which is attributed to higher average surface roughness area, lower series, charge transfer resistance and electrolyte diffusion impedance values. In addition, the conversion efficiencies increase with higher load of SWCNH up to 3.0 mg. Therefore, the SWCNH material has great potential for application as low-cost counter electrode material for reduction of iodide/tri-iodide redox couple in dye sensitized solar cells.	 Carbon nanohorns; Dye sensitized solar cell; Electrochemical impedance spectroscopic studies; Pt-free counter.	###
J1756333718	A new algorithm of links labelling for the isomorphism detection of various kinematic chains using binary code	Isomorphism of kinematic chains (KCs) has always been a critical issue for the researchers dealing with structural synthesis. Consequently, many researchers of repute presented various methods during the last eight decades for the KCs with either simple and/or multiple joints. Binary code is one of such various methods, but the major problem lies in the algorithm of links labelling, which becomes cumbersome, in particular, for large KCs. The paper presents a simple algorithm of links labelling used to find out a binary sequence which, in turn, provides a maximum binary code (chain invariant). The algorithm is tested for six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve and fifteen links with simple joints, seven and eight links KCs with multiple joints and finally, the Epicyclic gear trains (EGTs) with four, five and six links for its efficiency and reliability. The results are in full agreement with the references taken for the purpose. The paper discusses, in a unique way, the decoding of the binary codes of different KCs also.	 Algorithm; Binary sequence; Binary code; Isomorphism detection; Links labelling; Structural.	###
J1619154145	Synergistic mechanism of U(VI) sequestration by magnetite-graphene oxide composites: Evidence from spectroscopic and theoretical calculation	Graphene oxide (GO) supported uniform magnetite nanoparticle composites (M-GO) were prepared via in situ chemical precipitation method. The reaction mechanisms between M-GO and U(VI) under anoxic conditions were clarified based on macroscopic, spectroscopic, and theoretical techniques. Incorporation of magnetite nanoparticle into GO matrix facilitated removal rate and reduction of U(VI) to U(IV), as indicated by the kinetics model. According to XPS and XANES analysis, high efficient removal of U(VI) by M-GO was attributed to the abundant oxygen-containing groups of GO and reduction potential of magnetite dispersed on the GO surface uniformly. Based on DFT calculation, the high binding energy of _(GO-O...UO[2]_){+} (23.5 kcal/mol) and _(GO-COO...UO[2]_){+} (51.1 kcal/mol) (51.1 kcal/mol) revealed that the hydroxyl and carboxyl groups were responsible for the high removal of U(VI) on M-GO, which further facilitated the reduction of U(VI) to U(IV) due to the vicinity of structural Fe(II) of M-GO.	 U(VI); Magnetite; Graphene oxide; Sorption mechanism;.	###
J1458242X185	A primary phosphorus-deficient skeletal phenotype in juvenile Atlantic salmon Salmo salar : the uncoupling of bone formation and mineralization	To understand the effect of low dietary phosphorus (P) intake on the vertebral column of Atlantic salmon Salmo salar, a primary P deficiency was induced in post-smolts. The dietary P provision was reduced by 50% for a period of 10 weeks under controlled conditions. The animal's skeleton was subsequently analysed by radiology, histological examination, histochemical detection of minerals in bones and scales and chemical mineral analysis. This is the first account of how a primary P deficiency affects the skeleton in S. salar at the cellular and at the micro-anatomical level. Animals that received the P-deficient diet displayed known signs of P deficiency including reduced growth and soft, pliable opercula. Bone and scale mineral content decreased by c. 50%. On radiographs, vertebral bodies appear small, undersized and with enlarged intervertebral spaces. Contrary to the X-ray-based diagnosis, the histological examination revealed that vertebral bodies had a regular size and regular internal bone structures; intervertebral spaces were not enlarged. Bone matrix formation was continuous and uninterrupted, albeit without traces of mineralization. Likewise, scale growth continues with regular annuli formation, but new scale matrix remains without minerals. The 10 week long experiment generated a homogeneous osteomalacia of vertebral bodies without apparent induction of skeletal malformations. The experiment shows that bone formation and bone mineralization are, to a large degree, independent processes in the fish examined. Therefore, a deficit in mineralization must not be the only cause of the alterations of the vertebral bone structure observed in farmed S. salar. It is discussed how the observed uncoupling of bone formation and mineralization helps to better diagnose, understand and prevent P deficiency-related malformations in farmed S. salar.	 malformations; mineral deficiency; scales; skeletal development; vertebral.	###
J1724139975	Development and applications of the TCAL aluminum alloy database	This paper presents a multicomponent thermodynamic database specifically developed for aluminum alloys, TCAL. The database development is briefly elucidated, including model selection and modeling of both stable phases and metastable precipitates, thermodynamic assessment of individual binary and ternary systems, extrapolation of quaternary systems and validation using experimental data from multicomponent alloys. Examples of assessments and calculations are demonstrated for typical systems. Scheil and equilibrium simulations are performed using the database for predicting or interpreting phase formation and formation sequence during solidification, as well as phase fractions and phase compositions. We also explore the possibility of using such simulations for evaluating castability, such as casting shrinkage and susceptibility to hot tearing. We furthermore demonstrate the application of CALPHAD calculations in semisolid forming. Calculations using TCAL, together with a compatible atomic mobility database, are employed to choose or optimize temperature and time for solution treatment and to simulate precipitation kinetics during age hardening.	 Thermodynamic database; Aluminum alloys; Solidification;.	###
J1661050131	Combined effect of external damper and cross-tie on the modal response of hybrid two-cable networks	Combining external dampers and cross-ties into a hybrid system to control bridge stay cable vibrations can address deficiencies associated with these two commonly used vibration control solutions while retaining their respective merits. Despite successful implementation of this strategy on a few cable-stayed bridges, behavior of such a structural system is still not fully understood. In the current study, an analytical model of a hybrid system consisting of two parallel taut cables interconnected by a transverse linear flexible cross-tie, with one cable also equipped with a transverse linear viscous damper close to one end support, is developed. The proposed model is validated by an experimental work in the literature and an independent numerical simulation. A parametric study is conducted to comprehend the impact of main design parameters on the performance of a hybrid system in terms of the in-plane frequency, the damping and the degree of mode localization of the system's fundamental mode. In addition, the concept of isoquant curve is applied not only to appreciate the effect of simultaneous variation in main design parameters on the modal behavior of a hybrid system, but also to identify the optimal ranges of these parameters to achieve the required cable vibration control effect.	 Cable network; Cross-tie; Damper; Hybrid system; Isoquant curve; Stay cable; Optimization; Vibration.	###
J15660378230	Migration and emission characteristics of Hg in coal-fired power plant of China with ultra low emission air pollution control devices	Abstract The emission and migration characteristics of Hg from an ultra low emission (ULE) coal-fired power plant in China was investigated. During the tests, the flue gas was sampled simultaneously at the inlet and outlet of selective catalytic reduction (SCR) system, low temperature economizer (LTE), electrostatic precipitators (ESP), wet flue gas desulfurization (WFGD), and wet electrostatic precipitators (WESP) by EPA 30B method. The feed coal, lime, limestone slurry, process water, fly ash, bottom ash, gypsum, FGD effluent, and WESP effluent were also sampled. The results showed that Hg concentration in flue gas at the outlet of boilers and stacks was in the range of 4.46-5.17 _mg/m{3} and 0.51-1.22 _mg/m{3}, respectively. The overall gaseous Hg removal efficiencies of SCR + LTE + ESP + WFGD + WESP equipped in the ULE power plant were about 88.5%-89.6%. Mass distribution of Hg in the whole system showed that about 70% of Hg present in solid and liquid combustion products and 30% of Hg emitted into atmosphere. After ULE reformation, the atmospheric emission factor of the power plant is in the range of 0.39-0.81 g/TJ, which is much lower that of power plants before ULE reformation (2.18-2.34 g/TJ). Thus, the ULE reformation for coal-fired plants is beneficial for the reduction of Hg emission to atmosphere.	 Hg emission; Air pollution control devices; Ultra low emission; Power.	###
J1743858388	Ultra-short pulse laser interaction with transparent dielectrics	The interaction of intense, ultra-short laser pulses (USLP) with a surface of transparent dielectrics is considered. The combination of multi-photon absorption and impact ionization generates a plasma layer at the dielectric boundary. Interaction with the plasma self-consistently determines the amount of reflected, transmitted and absorbed light, and the spatial distribution of electron density. In the present paper, we model the interaction of USLP with transparent dielectrics. We calculate the evolution of electron density profiles and the variation of reflection, transmission and absorption of laser radiation during the pulse. We show that the laser-created surface plasma acts as a filter transmitting only the leading edge of the laser pulse. The transmitted energy is approximately fixed, nearly independent of input pulse energy. The transmitted energy increases with pulse duration. This increased energy is manifested in the formation of cylindrical shock waves directly applicable to recent experiments investigating absorption and shock generation in water.	 Shock Wave, Laser Pulse, Pulse Energy, Density Profile, Impact.	###
J17367139106	Intensive EELS study of epoxy composites reinforced by graphene-based nanofillers	A detailed analysis of composites with epoxy matrix and three types of graphene-based nanofillers combining scanning transmission electron microscopy and electron energy loss spectroscopy was reported here. The composites were prepared by a three-roll milling method and the nanofillers were well dispersed in the matrix, as confirmed by SEM and scanning transmission electron microscopy observation. Mass density profiles through the interface from the matrix to the nanofillers were obtained thanks to the plasmon energy values measured from the low-loss spectra. The core-loss spectra revealed the chemical bonding states of different phase regions and identified the different chemical composition of graphite nanoplatelets (GNPs) in GNPs/epoxy and GNP-CNTs/epoxy composites. Energy dispersive spectroscopy mapping was also conducted to further confirm the components in different phase regions. The successful characterization of the chemical structure and the bonding states paves the way for a better understanding of the structure-property relationships in composites. ~c 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J. Appl. Polym. Sci. 2018, 135, 46748.	 graphene and fullerenes; nanotubes; spectroscopy, structure-property relationships; surfaces and interfaces.	###
J1733055398	An air-stable and solution processable tetracarboxydiimide-based materials with tunable charge transport properties	Novel bipolar molecules based on naphthalene- (V555) and perylene- (V565) tetracarboxydiimide core, bearing 1-phenyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinoline end capping hole transporting groups, were designed and synthesized. Electro-optical and thermal measurements, such as UV/VIS, charge mobility, ionization potential, thermogravimetric analysis, and differential scanning calorimetry, were carried out to characterize the new materials. V555 and V565 showed bipolar behavior with both hole and electron mobilities under ambient conditions without any protection from oxygen or moisture. The gelation of V565 was observed that provides the ability to tune the charge transport properties.	 Bipolar molecules; Tetracarboxydiimide; Ionization potential; Charge mobility;.	###
J1630551252	Nonlinear FE model updating and reconstruction of the response of an instrumented seismic isolated bridge to the 2010 Maule Chile earthquake	Nonlinear finite element (FE) modeling has been widely used to investigate the effects of seismic isolation on the response of bridges to earthquakes. However, most FE models of seismic isolated bridges (SIB) have used seismic isolator models calibrated from component test data, while the prediction accuracy of nonlinear FE models of SIB is rarely addressed by using data recorded from instrumented bridges. In this paper, the accuracy of a state-of-the-art FE model is studied through nonlinear FE model updating (FEMU) of an existing instrumented SIB, the Marga-Marga Bridge located in Vi~6na del Mar, Chile. The seismic isolator models are updated in 2 phases: component-wise and system-wise FEMU. The isolator model parameters obtained from 23 isolator component tests show large scatter, and poor goodness of fit of the FE-predicted bridge response to the 2010 Mw 8.8 Maule, Chile Earthquake is obtained when most of those parameter sets are used for the isolator elements of the bridge model. In contrast, good agreement is obtained between the FE-predicted and measured bridge response when the isolator model parameters are calibrated using the bridge response data recorded during the mega-earthquake. Nonlinear FEMU is conducted by solving single- and multiobjective optimization problems using high-throughput cloud computing. The updated FE model is then used to reconstruct response quantities not recorded during the earthquake, gaining more insight into the effects of seismic isolation on the response of the bridge during the strong earthquake.	 2010 Maule earthquake; bridge; bridge system response prediction accuracy; nonlinear finite element model updating; optimization; seismic.	###
J15922356301	Potential human health risk from consumption of metallic elements-contaminated benthic mollusks from Don Hoi Lot sandbar, Thailand	Abstract Environmental pollutants have raised more concerns for human health risk, especially via consumption of contaminated food. Terrestrial as well as aquatic animals are capable of bioaccumulation a variety of toxic substances including metallic elements. With increasing anthropogenic activities along the coastal areas, living organisms have more chances to be exposed to released contaminants. In this study, seven metallic elements (Cd, Cu, Fe, Mn, Ni, Pb and Zn) were determined in sediments and water from Don Hoi Lot sandbar, Samutsongkharm province, Thailand. Potential human health risks via the consumption of two benthic bivalves Solen corneus (Larmarck, 1818) and Meretrix meretrix (Linnaeus, 1758) were also estimated using the target hazard quotients (THQs). The variations of metallic element concentrations were apparent between wet and dry season. Fe was the predominate metallic element in the sediment and the remaining were Mn > Pb > Zn > Ni > Cu > Cd. Whereas metallic element concentrations in water were Pb > Ni > Fe > Zn > Cu > Mn > Cd. PCA analysis confirmed that the contaminations of these metallic elements were from Mae Klong river surface water. Most Pb THQ values in both S. corneus and M. meretrix were > 1 indicating that human health risk is of concern. However, the sum of THQs of an individual metallic element should also be considered since multiple metallic elements exposure is so common.	 Metallic elements; Human health risk; THQ; Solen corneus; Meretrix.	###
J16609546173	Clostridium difficile infection in hospitalized octogenarian patients	Aim To evaluate the risk factors and outcome of Clostridium difficile infection in hospitalized octogenarian patients. Methods A retrospective analysis of risk factors and outcome of C. difficile infection in hospitalized octogenarians was carried out at two academic centers in Romania from January 2014 to September 2016. Demographic, clinical and laboratory characteristics; antibiotics and proton pump inhibitors use in-hospital and 2 months before admission; comorbidities; length of hospital stay; treatment; and outcome were carefully collected from the patients' medical charts and compared with those from octogenarians hospitalized during the same period. Results A total of 286 octogenarians were hospitalized during the study period and among them 79 (27.6%) were diagnosed with C. difficile infection. On multivariate logistic regression analyses, the previous 2 months' hospitalizations (OR 10.231, 95% CI 1.769-58.965, P = 0.009), antibiotic use 2 months before admission (OR 12.596, 95% CI 1.024-15.494, P = 0.048), antibiotic treatment during hospitalization (OR 6.302, 95% CI 3.510-11.316, P < 0.0001), arterial hypertension (OR 11.228, 95% CI 1.917-65.783, P = 0.007), chronic kidney disease (OR 4.474, 95% CI 1.037-19.299, P = 0.045) and chronic cardiac failure (OR 7.328, 95% CI 2.068-25.967, P = 0.002) were independently associated with infection. Patients with infection had longer length of hospital stay than those without (15.3 _+ 5.1 vs 11.1 _+ 4.3 days, P < 0.0001). None of the patients with infection had severe disease, none required surgery and none died during hospitalization. Conclusions Hospitalized octogenarians with comorbidities, recently hospitalized or receiving antibiotic treatment are at risk for C. difficile infection. Clinicians evaluating such patients should have a high index of suspicion for this infection. Geriatr Gerontol Int 2018; 18: 315-320.	 antibiotics; Clostridium difficile infection; comorbidities; octogenarians; risk.	###
J1616513373	Stereoregular CO[2] Copolymers from Epoxides with an Electron-Withdrawing Group: Crystallization and Unexpected Stereocomplexation	Highly regioselective copolymerization of CO[2] and enantiopure terminal epoxides with an electron-withdrawing group, styrene oxide and its derivatives, was achieved by the use of multichiral salenCo(III) complex-based catalyst systems, in which epoxide ring-opening predominantly occurred at methylene C-O bond, affording isotactic CO[2] copolymers with up to 98% head-to-tail connectivity and 97% enantioselectivity. The stereoregular poly(styrene carbonate) with 98% isotacticity is a typical semicrystalline material, possessing a melting temperature (T[m]) of 137.3_0C and an enhanced glass transition temperature (T[g]) of 101.2_0C. The isotactic 3-methoxystyrene oxide/CO[2] copolymer is also a semicrystalline polymer with a T[m] of around 90_0C, while the corresponding isotactic 3-chlorostyrene oxide/CO[2] copolymer appears amorphous feature, possessing a T[g] of 82.1_0C. Notably, a novel stereoselective interaction between two opposite-configuration isotactic polymers was first found in the blend of equivalent (R)- and (S)-polycarbonates from terminal epoxides. The strong interlocked interaction between isotactic (R)- and (S)-poly(styrene carbonate)s affords the crystalline stereocomplexes with a T[m] of 164.1_0C, about 27_0C higher than that of the enantiopure isotactic polymers. Surprisingly, isotactic (R)- or (S)-3-chlorostyrene oxide/CO[2] copolymer is typical amorphous polymeric material; however, upon mixing both enantiomers together, an interlocked interaction between polymer chains of opposite configuration occurs, affording the crystalline stereocomplexes with a T[m] of 147.3_0C.		###
J1710050780	Stiffness and swelling characteristics of nanocellulose films in cell culture media	Nanocellulose is a material of interest for biomedical applications due to its morphological similarity with tissues' own collagen. New cell culture substrates that mimic the human body tissue stiffness and extracellular matrix can be used to study cell behaviour in a way that is not possible for traditional plastic substrates. Five wood-based micro-and nanofibrillated cellulose films without additives were prepared to investigate the effects of nanocellulose charge density and fibril size on the mechanical properties of the films in liquids. Swelling behaviour of the films was studied in deionized water, in complete cell culture media (DMEM) and in CaCl[2] solutions. Atomic force microscopy with a colloidal probe was used to measure Young's modulus at the surface of the thin films submerged in the liquids. Cell culture media and CaCl[2] solutions reduced the swelling of the films observed in deionized water, most probably due to a bridging effect by the calcium ions. The reduction was proportional to the charge of the particular nanocellulose. Young's modulus in compression varied randomly on sample surfaces and appeared not to be directly related to topography of the films. In complete DMEM, the average Young's modulus varied from 0.8 to 36.4 kPa, in the same stiffness range as two skin tissue layers, dermis and epidermis. Therefore, from mechanical properties point of view, these films seem suitable as cell culture substrates for skin tissue cells and could be used in skin tissue engineering.	 Nanocellulose, Indentation, Skin tissue, AFM, Swelling, Young's.	###
J17031874196	The sensitivity analysis for IHTS and SG due to the large-scale sodium-water reaction event in PGSFR	The Prototype Generation IV Sodium-cooled Fast Reactor (PGSFR) is being developed by Korea Atomic Energy Research Institute (KAERI). As a reactor coolant, it uses sodium to transfer the core heat energy to the turbine. Sodium has a chemical characteristics that it violently reacts with materials such as water and air. The Steam Generator (SG) has Intermediate Heat Transfer System (IHTS) sodium on the shell side and feed water on the tube side. When the Sodium-Water Reaction (SWR) event occurs by SG tube Double-Ended Guillotine Break (DEGB), high pressure waves and corrosive reaction products are produced which threaten the structural integrity of the IHTS and safety of the Primary heat Transfer System (PHTS). In the PGSFR, the SWR event is classified as Loss of Heat Sink (LOHS), which is one of the Design Basis Events (DBEs). The event is analyzed in terms of the structural integrity of the affected IHTS and SG. A series of behaviors such as (i) growth of hydrogen bubble by SWR and (ii) expansion/propagation of the high pressure waves, are calculated with a Sodium Water Advanced Analysis Method (SWAAM-II) code. For SWR event, a sensitivity analysis is performed on the location where the highest pressure occurs in the affected SG. Further, sensitivity analysis of design variables that can be affect the pressure seen by the main components is carried out. The parameters of the sensitivity analysis are (i) the burst pressure of the rupture disk, (ii) the gas pressure of the expansion tank and (iii) the distance between the rupture disk and the SG.	 SWR (Sodium-Water Reaction); IHTS; SWAAM-II; Large leaks; Prototype Gen-IV Sodium-cooled Fast Reactor.	###
J16566588236	Enhancement of power conversion efficiency with TiO[2] nanoparticles/nanotubes-silver nanoparticles composites in dye-sensitized solar cells	We have investigated the effect of TiO[2] nanoparticles/TiO[2] nanotubes-Ag nanoparticles (TiO[2]NPs/NTs-Ag@TiO[2] NPs) composites on the performance of dye-sensitized solar cells (DSSCs). The DSSC showed the power conversion efficiency (PCE) of 8.04% with TiO[2] NPs film only and 8.78% with TiO[2] NPs/NTs due to the improvement of electron transport through nanotubes. More interestingly, compared to the device with TiO[2] NPs film only, the TiO[2] NPs/NTs-Ag@TiO[2] NPs composites led to dramatic increases in J[sc] from 12.46 to 16.46 mA/cm{2} (i.e., 32% increase) and PCE from 8.04 to 10.60% (i.e., 32% increase), attributed to a synergetic effect of fast electron conduction through TiO[2] NTs and plasmonic enhancement of Ag NPs.	 TiO2 nanoparticles/nanotubes; Ag@TiO2 nanoparticles; Composite; Plasmon effect; Dye-sensitized solar.	###
J15886287198	Automatic tuning of PID controllers using frequency sampling filters	This study proposes new proportional-integral-derivative (PID) controller auto-tuners using frequency sampling filters (FSFs) for the estimation of plant frequency response information under relay feedback control. It differs from the existing auto-tuners in the estimation of plant frequency response information and its utilisation in the frequency domain-based PID controller design. A desired closed-loop time constant is selected by the user as the scaling factor of the estimated open-loop time constant. Simulation examples are used to demonstrate the efficacy of the auto-tuner and its characteristics in disturbance rejection and reference following, indicating that the auto-tuner produces satisfactory closed-loop control performance for the commonly encountered systems in process control. In addition, Monte Carlo simulation studies are used to demonstrate that the FSF model-based algorithm requires not only shorter experimental time to achieve higher accuracy in estimation but also provides much improvement over the traditional Fourier analysis-based approaches when disturbances are encountered during the relay experiments	 Monte Carlo methods; closed loop systems; control system synthesis; feedback; filtering theory; frequency estimation; frequency response; frequency-domain analysis; open loop systems; process control; relay control; sampling methods; three-term control;.	###
J16121241485	The design of the 300 MeV proton microprobe system in Harbin	Abstract In Harbin, a 300 MeV proton microprobe system is under development for many applications in space science studies including upset studies in microelectronic devices, radiation hardness of materials for satellites and radiation effects in human tissues. The microprobe system, as a component of Space Environment Simulation Research Infrastructure (SESRI), will employ a purpose-built synchrotron to provide the proton beam. Our design goal for the 300 MeV proton microprobe is for energy spread 0.1%, emittance 10_p mm mrad, intensity 10{9} per pulse and a probe size of 10 _mm. A magnetic quadrupole lens system will be used to focus the microprobe with a demagnification of 50. This paper presents a systematic investigation of the ion beam optics to optimize the design. The feasibility of the design for the Harbin system is evaluated by comparison with existing microprobe systems designed for high energy ions.	 Proton microprobe; Space science; Ion optics; Ion beam.	###
J15934370266	Low turn-on field nanodiamond conic field emitter	Abstract Field emission properties of individual nanocrystalline diamond cones with higher sp{2} content were investigated using a double-probe scanning electron microscope system. The nanodiamond cones were fabricated utilizing gray-scale patterns with a focused-ion-beam (FIB) system. The as-formed nanocones with slicing number of 150 have high content of sp{2} amorphous carbon surfaces and thus show a high emission current up to 54 _mA at an applied voltage of 10 V. In addition, twice higher emission current was achieved by UV illumination under even lower turn-on field (1.1 V/_mm), which benefits the realization of high performance cold cathode field emitters and UV detectors using such nanostructures.	 Field emission; Low turn-on field; Nanodiamond cone; Field.	###
J17572476151	Assessing the Influence of Dietary History on Gut Microbiota	Diet is known to play a major role in determining the composition and function of the gut microbiota. Previous studies have often focused on the immediate effects of dietary intervention. How dietary history prior to a given dietary intervention influences the gut microbiota is, however, not well understood. To assess the influence of dietary history, in this study, mice with different dietary histories were subjected to the same dietary interventions, and the gut microbial communities of these mice were characterized by 16S rDNA sequencing. We found that dietary history played a long-lasting role in the composition of the gut microbiota when the dietary switch was moderate. In sharp contrast, such effects nearly vanished when the diet was switched to certain extreme dietary conditions. Interestingly, the abundance of Akkermansia, a bacterial genus associated with loss of body weight, was elevated dramatically in mice subjected to a diet composed exclusively of meat. Our results revealed a more complex picture of the influence of dietary history on gut microbiota than anticipated.		###
J1748011316	Engineered Smart Textiles and Janus Microparticles for Diverse Functional Industrial Applications	Janus materials are biomimetically inspired systems with two or more functional properties arising as paramount materials for utilization in different fields like Medical, Protective clothing etc. Janus particles can be in different forms like capsule, fiber, nano cage, disc, nano film etc. which are amalgamated with fabric by different processes. Based on the fabrication and constituent elements, Janus materials can be fabricated by incorporating multiple properties like fire-retardancy, catalytic property, thermal regulation etc. This review article enumerates the numerous industrial applications of the Janus fabrics and simultaneously outlines the extensive methodologies utilized for engineering of the Janus fabrics.		###
J16344372229	Phosphoryl Transfer Reaction in RNA: Is the Substrate-Assisted Catalysis a Possible Mechanism in Certain Solvents?	A proton shuttle mechanism for the phosphoryl transfer reaction in RNA, in which a proton is transferred from the nucleophile to the leaving group through a nonbridged oxygen atom of the phosphate, was explored using the MO6-2X density functional method and the solvent continuum model. This reaction is the initial step of the RNA hydrolysis. We used different solvents characterized by their dielectric constant, and, for each of them, we studied the nuclear and electronic relaxation, produced by the solvent reaction field, for the stationary points. Given that RNA has a poor leaving group, the bond breaking corresponds to the rate-determining step. If the O atom is substituted by a S atom, the leaving group is now good, and the rate-determining step is now the nucleophilic attack concerted with the proton transfer. The most relevant result we found is that none of the solvents we studied has a free energy of activation that is smaller than the one in water. This suggests that the enzyme catalysis following this mechanism must be due to the permanent electric field that is created by a preorganized charge distribution but not to the solvent reaction field.		###
J17210272395	Enhancing the Thermal Stability of GaSb Schottky-Barrier MOSFET With Pt Source/Drain	In this study, a Pt/GaSb Schottky diode with impressive rectifying behavior is used for the first time in the fabrication of a GaSb p-channel Schottky-barrier metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistor (MOSFET). A gate-last integration scheme was employed to fabricate the MOSFET. Compared with a MOSFET with a Ni-alloy source and drain (S/D), the MOSFET with a Pt-alloy S/D can endure higher thermal stress during atomic layer deposition at 250_0C for 1 h without significant junction degradation. This high endurance to thermal stress is because Pt alloy has a lower reactivity to GaSb and a higher crystallization temperature. As a result, a record high ON/OFF ratio of 3 _* 10{4}is reported for the GaSb Schottky-barrier MOSFET; an effective hole mobility of approximately 82 cm{2}V{-1}s{-1}is achieved	 atomic layer deposition; crystallisation; gallium compounds; hole mobility; III-V semiconductors; MOSFET; nickel alloys; platinum; Schottky barriers; Schottky diodes; thermal stability; thermal stability; GaSb Schottky-barrier MOSFET; impressive.	###
J1626851X179	A molecular collision operator of adjustable direction for the discrete velocity direction model	The discrete velocity direction model is an approximate method to the Boltzmann equation. A developed molecular collision operator for the model is presented in this paper. Under the new operator, the discrete directions of molecules are adjustable, namely, both the number and the angles of discrete directions can be changed as needed in the discrete velocity direction model. At the same time, the governing equations will keep unchanged when the number of discrete directions changes. In fact, with the continuous molecular speed, the discrete velocity direction model has been able to employ any discrete velocities in numerical calculations. The discrete velocity direction model under the new collision operator was applied into some benchmark flows in micro scales in this paper, and the influence of the number of discrete velocities on the computational accuracy was analyzed. The numerical results show that the accuracy of the discrete velocity direction model can be improved significantly by employing more discrete directions, especially for the gas flows at large Knudsen number. With appropriate discrete velocities, this model has been able to give accurate numerical results in all flow regimes. In addition, it is proved that the discrete velocity direction model under the new collision operator satisfies a global H theorem unconditionally, which means that the new operator further improves the intrinsic stability of the discrete velocity direction model.	 Collision operator; Discrete velocity direction model; Micro gas flows; Transition regime;.	###
J1724936514	Historical evolution of magnetic data storage devices and related conferences	Telegraphic invention by Danish engineer Valdemar Poulson in 1898 was the first demonstration that a magnetic recording medium could be used to record information and for playback. It was not until 1947, that 3 M shipped the first commercial oxide tape coated on paper backing, and in 1953, IBM shipped the first magnetic tape drive, IBM 727, for data storage. IBM invented the first hard disk drive, IBM 305, called the random access method of accounting and control (RAMAC) for data storage. The RAMAC stored 5 MB of data and used fifty 24-in. diameter disks. The drive could be housed in a room of about 9 m_*15 m. It weighed over a ton and had to be moved around by forklifts. The cost was USD $250,000 at the time (a whopping $50,000 per MB!). In 2018, one could buy a 30 TB tape cartridge or 1 TB portable hard disk drives (with a 2.5-in. diameter disk), for about USD $100. Since the late 1970s, the tribology of head-medium interface has been considered a limiting technology for development of reliable drives with ever increasing recording densities. Given the importance of tribology, a first ever symposium on Tribology and Mechanics of Magnetic Storage Systems was held in 1984 at the ASME/STLE Tribology Conference, co-organized by B. Bhushan, D. Bogy, N. Eiss and F. Talke, and annually thereafter by Bhushan and Eiss. Many electromechanical, materials science, design and manufacturing issues also became important. In order to broaden the scope to include mechanical issues, the first International Symposium on Advances in Information Storage Systems was organized at the ASME Winter Annual Meeting in 1989 by B. Bhushan, and annually thereafter. B. Bhushan led the founding of Information Storage and Processing Systems (ISPS) Sub-division in ASME in 1992 which was elevated to a Division level in 1996. In 1993, the conference was renamed as the Annual Conference on ISPS. In 2018, the 27th Annual Conference on ISPS was held after 30th year of its inception, and the ISPS division celebrated its silver jubilee in 2017. The research papers continue to be published in a dedicated journal. This paper provides an overview of historical evolution of magnetic data storage devices and related conferences and publications with a focus on tribology and electromechanical, materials science, design and manufacturing issues.		###
J18019835179	Two New Prenylated Indole Diterpenoids from Tolypocladium sp. and Their Antimicrobial Activities	Two new prenylated indole diterpenoids, tolypocladins K and L (1 and 2), together with a known analog terpendole L (3), were isolated from the solid fermentation culture of a mine soil-derived fungus Tolypocladium sp. XL115. Their structures and relative configurations were determined by comprehensive spectroscopic data analysis, as well as by comparison of their NMR data with those related known compounds. Compound 3 exhibited remarkable antibacterial activity against Micrococcus luteus with an MIC value of 6.25___mg/mL, and compounds 1 and 3 displayed moderate antifungal activity selectively against tested strains with MIC values of 25-50___mg/mL.	 Tolypocladium; indole diterpenoid; antimicrobial activity; biological activity; phytochemistry.	###
J16260268226	The Distribution of Petroleum Resources and Characteristics of Main Petroliferous Basins along the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st-Century Maritime Silk Road	The Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st-Century Maritime Silk Road Initiative, abbreviated as the Belt and Road Initiative, is a primary development strategy of China's future international cooperation. Especially, the energy resource cooperation, including oil and gas resources cooperation, is an important part of this initiative. The Belt and Road has undergone complicated geological evolution, and contains abundant mineral resources such as oil, gas, coal, uranium, iron, copper, gold and manganese ore resources. Among these, Africa holds 7.8% of the world's total proven oil reserves. The oil and gas resources in Africa are relatively concentrated, with an overall low exploration degree and small consumption demand. Nigeria and Libya contain the most abundant oil resources in Africa, accounting for 2.2% and 2.9% of the world's total reserves, respectively. Nigeria and Algeria hold the richest natural gas resources in Africa, occupying 2.8% and 2.4% of the world's total reserves, respectively. Africa's oil and gas resources are mainly concentrated in Egypt, Sultan and Western Sahara regions in the northern Africa, and the Gulf of Guinea, Niger River and Congo River area in the western Africa. The Russia-Central Asia area holds rich petroleum resources in Russia, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan. The potential oil and gas areas include the West Siberia Basin, East Siberia Basin and sea continental shelf in Russia, the northern and central Caspian Basin in Kazakhstan, the right bank of the Amu-Darya Basin, the East Karakum uplift and the South Caspian Basin in Turkmenistan, and the Amu-Daria Basin, Fergana Basin, Afghan-Tajik Basin and North Ustyurt Basin in Uzbekistan. The Middle East oil and gas resources are mainly distributed in the Zagros foreland basin and Arabian continental margin basin, and the main oil-producing countries include Saudi Arabia, Iran and Iraq. The Asia Pacific region is a new oil and gas consumption center, with rapid growth of oil and gas demand. In 2012, this region consumed about 33.6% of the world's total oil consumption and 18.9% of the world's total natural gas consumption, which has been ranked the world's largest oil and gas consumption center. The oil and gas resources are concentrated in China, Indosinian, Malaysia, Australia and India. The abundant European proven crude oil reserves are in Norway, Britain and Denmark and also rich natural gas resources in Norway, Holland and Britain. Norway and Britain contain about 77.5% of European proven oil reserves, which accounts for only 0.9% of the world's proven reserves. The Europe includes main petroliferous basins of the Voring Basin, Anglo-Dutch Basin, Northwest German Basin, Northeast German-Polish Basin and Carpathian Basin. According to the analysis of source rocks, reservoir rocks, cap rocks and traps for the main petroliferous basins, the potential oil and gas prospecting targets in the Belt and Road are mainly the Zagros Basin and Arabic Platform in the Middle East, the East Barents Sea Basin and the East Siberia Basin in Russia-Central Asia, the Niger Delta Basin, East African rift system and the Australia Northwest Shelf. With the development of oil and gas theory and exploration technology, unconventional petroleum resources will play an increasingly important role in oil and gas industry.	 petroliferous basin; pay zone; Africa; Middle East; Central Asia; Russia; Asia Pacific.	###
J1745042713X	A new-style poly(vinyl alcohol) gel prepared by automatic hydrolysis of poly(vinyl acetate) emulsion	Totally different from traditional poly(vinyl alcohol) (PVA) gel preparation methods, a new-style PVA gel was prepared by automatic hydrolysis of a poly(vinyl acetate) (PVAc) emulsion during storage. First, a PVAc emulsion was obtained using potassium persulfate and sodium bisulfite as redox initiators in the presence of ferrous chloride. Ferrous chloride is helpful for reducing the redox polymerization temperature. The PVAc emulsion was sealed in a bottle for storage at room temperature. As time went on, it was found that a gel was slowly formed during the storage process. Research showed that a hydrolysis reaction slowly occurs and a crosslinked structure forms, and finally a PVA gel can be obtained. The mechanism for the formation of PVA gel was carefully investigated using Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy and NMR. It was found that ferrous chloride has an important role not only in reducing the polymerization temperature, but also in catalyzing the automatic hydrolysis process of PVAc to form the PVA gel in this system. ~c 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J. Appl. Polym. Sci. 2018, 135, 46853.	 adsorption; emulsion polymerization; gels.	###
J1660962722	Wigner transport simulation of (core gate) silicon-shell nanowire transistors in cylindrical coordinates	Gate-all-around silicon nanowire transistors (SNWTs) are recognized as promising candidates to reduce problems due to quantum effects in conventional nano-transistors. In this study we investigate whether structural modification of SNWTs leads to improved performance. A model calculation for a transistor with a channel length of several nanometers requires a quantum transport simulator, and we use a Wigner transport equation (WTE) discretized by a third-order upwind differential scheme (TDS) suggested by Yamada et al. (2009) for quantum transport simulations of gate-all-around silicon-shell nanowire transistors (SSNWTs), core gate SSNWTs (CG-SSNWTs), and independent CG-SSNWTs (ICG-SSNWTs). A WTE discretized by the TDS is known to produce highly accurate results. The SSNWT has a structure in which an insulator cylinder is inserted into the center axis of the SNWT, and the CG-SSNWT has a structure in which a core gate is inserted into the center axis of the SSNWT. The calculations show that the performances of the SSNWTs are improved by introducing the Si-shell structure and the core gate. The ICG-SSNWTs are identical in structure to the CG-SSNWTs, but the outer and core gates are independently biased. The calculations for the ICG-SSNWTs show that the threshold voltage can be controlled using the difference between the core and outer gate voltages.		###
J1722899689	Reflections on the mechanism of the Barton-McCombie Deoxygenation and on its consequences	The Barton-McCombie deoxygenation is a landmark reaction in organic chemistry. Its efficiency in generating carbon radicals from alcohols is unmatched, despite the passage of more than 40 years since its discovery. Its mechanism, far from being straightforward, is in fact quite subtle and conceptually part of a much larger family of very powerful thiocarbonyl controlled radical reactions. This general mechanistic manifold encompasses the degenerate transfer of xanthates and related thiocarbonylthio congeners, a process that also subtends the now popular RAFT/MADIX polymerization technology, the remarkably versatile Barton decarboxylation via thiohydroxamate esters, the generation of nitrogen-centered radicals from oxime xanthates and thiosemicarbazones and thiosemicarbazides, and certainly other transformations that will emerge in the coming years. The present overview retraces the history of the Barton-McCombie reaction, the evolution of the mechanistic aspects and the resulting consequences in terms of new transformations and synthetic applications.	 Barton-McCombie deoxygenation; Xanthates; Barton decarboxylation; Nitrogen-centered.	###
J16523072335	Study of the microstructure and flexural behavior of cementitious composites reinforced by surface modified carbon textiles	In this paper, the effect of surface modification of a carbon textile on the flexural behavior of the textile reinforced fine aggregate concretes was investigated. Three different surface modifying agents (i.e. styrene butadiene latex, hydrophilic oil and epoxy resin) were applied as coating on the carbon textiles at different weight ratios (i.e. 35, 70, and 100% by weight of the textile). The four point bending test was carried out on the samples. It was found that the textile surface modification led to an increase in the ductility of the textile reinforced concretes (TRCs). Utilizing the latex and oil coated textile reduced the post cracking strengths of the TRC samples while the epoxy coated textile led to a considerable increase in the post cracking strength (i.e. in the range of 72-190%). It was also found that the flexural toughness of the epoxy coated textile reinforced concrete improved in the range of 250-780% compared to the uncoated textile reinforced concrete. Meanwhile, it was found that in order to improve the flexural strength and toughness of the TRCs, it is more effective to apply surface modification to the textiles instead of using higher contents of reinforcing textiles. Finally, the interfacial transition zone (ITZ) of the textile and cement based matrix in all the samples was characterized using scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and energy-dispersive X-ray (EDX) spectroscopy.	 Textile reinforced concrete (TRC); Surface modification; Flexural properties; Epoxy resin; Carbon textile; SBR.	###
J16245196198	Rewriting Electron-Transfer Kinetics at Pyrolytic Carbon Electrodes Decorated with Nanometric Ruthenium Oxide	Platinum is state-of-the-art for fast electron transfer whereas carbon electrodes, which have semimetal electronic character, typically exhibit slow electron-transfer kinetics. But when we turn to practical electrochemical devices, we turn to carbon. To move energy devices and electro(bio)analytical measurements to a new performance curve requires improved electron-transfer rates at carbon. We approach this challenge with electroless deposition of disordered, nanoscopic anhydrous ruthenium oxide at pyrolytic carbon prepared by thermal decomposition of benzene (RuO x@ CVD-C). We assessed traditionally fast, chloride-assisted (_(Fe(CN)[6]_){3-/4-}) and notoriously slow (_(Fe(H[2]O)[6]_){3+/2+}) electron-transfer redox probes at CVD-C and RuO x@ CVD-C electrodes and calculated standard heterogeneous rate constants as a function of heat treatment to crystallize the disordered RuO x domains to their rutile form. For the fast electron-transfer probe, _(Fe(CN)[6]_){3-/4-}, the rate increases by 34_* over CVD-C once the RuO x is calcined to form crystalline rutile RuO[2]. For the classically outer-sphere _(Fe(H[2]O)[6]_){3+/2+}, electron-transfer rates increase by an even greater degree over CVD-C (55_*). The standard heterogeneous rate constant for each probe approaches that observed at Pt but does so using only minimal loadings of RuO x.		###
J16343945233	Low-Frequency Intracortical Electrical Stimulation Decreases Sensorimotor Cortex Hyperexcitability in the Acute Phase of Ischemic Stroke	Ischemic stroke causes a series of complex pathophysiological events in the brain. Electrical stimulation of the brain has been considered as a novel neuroprotection intervention to save the penumbra. However, the effect on the cells' responsiveness and their ability to survive has yet to be established. The objective of the present study was to investigate the effects of low-frequency intracortical electrical stimulation (lf-ICES) applied to the ischemia-affected sensorimotor cortex immediately following ischemic stroke. Twenty male Sprague-Dawley rats were instrumented with an intracortical microelectrode array (IC MEA) and a cuff-electrode around the sciatic nerve. Photothrombosis intervention was performed within the sensorimotor cortex and the electrophysiological changes were assessed by analysis of the neural responses to stimulation of the sciatic nerve. Neuroprotection intervention consisted of eight 23 min lf-ICES blocks applied to the IC MEA during the initial 4 h following photothrombosis. Our results revealed that the area and magnitude of the sensorimotor cortex response significantly increased if ischemic stroke was allowed to progress uninterrupted, whereas this was not observed for the group of rats subjected to lf-ICES. Our findings indicate that low-frequency electrical stimulation is able to minimize hyperexcitability and may therefore be a candidate as neuroprotection intervention in the future	 bioelectric phenomena; biomedical electrodes; brain; electromyography; medical disorders; microelectrodes; neurophysiology; patient treatment; IC MEA; Sprague-Dawley rats; acute phase; brain electrical stimulation; cell responsiveness; complex.	###
J17996993919	A novel acid modified alumina adsorbent with enhanced defluoridation property: Kinetics, isotherm study and applicability on industrial wastewater	Excessive fluoride contamination in ground and surface water is hazardous to human health. Adsorptive removal is a better option for defluoridation due to its simplicity and efficient working property. In the current research, an attempt was made for the removal of fluoride ions from wastewater by a novel adsorbent synthesized with alumina and H[2]SO[4] acid by acidic activation. The adsorbent was characterized for physio-chemical properties by several analytical methods (SEM, EDX, FTIR, XRF, TGA, XRD, HI and pH[ZPC]). The specific surface area of acid activated alumina (AAA) adsorbent was found to be 87.44m{2}/g. The batch scale experiments were conducted to study the effect of initial pH, adsorbent dose, stirring rate, and contact time on the defluoridation efficiency of AAA adsorbent. The experimental data of isotherm study was found to follow the Freundlich isotherm model. The maximum adsorption capacity of fluoride on AAA was 69.52mg/g at 318K. The nature of adsorption was found to be endothermic and spontaneous. The adsorption kinetic data followed the pseudo-second-order model. The fluoride removal efficiency of alumina with and without acid activation resulted in 96.72% and 63.58%, respectively. The regeneration capability, reusability, applicability on industrial effluent and economic value were investigated.	 Alumina; Acidic activation; Adsorbent; Fluoride removal; Industrial.	###
J17318006858	Machine learning CICY threefolds	The latest techniques from Neural Networks and Support Vector Machines (SVM) are used to investigate geometric properties of Complete Intersection Calabi-Yau (CICY) threefolds, a class of manifolds that facilitate string model building. An advanced neural network classifier and SVM are employed to (1) learn Hodge numbers and report a remarkable improvement over previous efforts, (2) query for favourability, and (3) predict discrete symmetries, a highly imbalanced problem to which both Synthetic Minority Oversampling Technique (SMOTE) and permutations of the CICY matrix are used to decrease the class imbalance and improve performance. In each case study, we employ a genetic algorithm to optimise the hyperparameters of the neural network. We demonstrate that our approach provides quick diagnostic tools capable of shortlisting quasi-realistic string models based on compactification over smooth CICYs and further supports the paradigm that classes of problems in algebraic geometry can be machine learned.	 Machine learning; Neural network; Support Vector Machine; Calabi-Yau; String.	###
J17461437220	Pseudo topological insulators	We predict pseudo topological insulators that have been previously overlooked. We determine some conditions under which robust pseudo topological edge states appear and illustrate our idea on the Su-Schrieffer-Heeger (SSH) model with extra chiral symmetry breaking potentials. We discuss that pseudo topological insulating phase transition occurs without band gap closing.	 Topological.	###
J1446892999	Synthesis, characterisation and cytotoxicity of _((1,10-phenanthroline)(1R,2R,4R/1S,2S,4S)-4-methyl-1,2-cyclohexanediamine)platinum(II)_){2+} (PHEN-4-MeDACH)	We have synthesised, characterised and examined the cytotoxicity of _((1,10-phenanthroline)(1R,2R,4R/1S,2S,4S-4-methyl-cyclohexanediamine)platinum(II)_){2+} (PHEN-4-MeDACH) in the L1210 cell line. The cytotoxicity of PHEN-4-MeDACH in the murine leukaemia (L12010) cell line was 1.8 _+ 0.00 _mM, comparable with that of _((1,10-phenanthroline)(1R,2R-diaminocyclohexane)platinum(II)_){2+} (1.5 _+ 0.14 _mM) but less cytotoxic than _((1,10-phenanthroline)(1S,2S-diaminocyclohexane)platinum(II)_){2+} (0.10 _+ 0.06 _mM) and cisplatin (0.43 _+ 0.06 _mM).	 (1R,2R,4R/1S,2S,4S)-4-Methyl-1,2-cyclohexanediamine; Cytotoxicity; Platinum;.	###
J17426739887	Extreme Huygens' metasurfaces based on quasi-bound states in the continuum	We introduce the concept of and a generic approach to realizing extreme Huygens' metasurfaces by bridging the concepts of Huygens' conditions and optical bound states in the continuum. This novel paradigm allows the creation of Huygens' metasurfaces with quality factors that can be tuned over orders of magnitude, generating extremely dispersive phase modulation. We validate this concept with a proof-of-concept experiment at the near-infrared wavelengths, demonstrating all-dielectric Huygens' metasurfaces with different quality factors. Our study points out a practical route for controlling the radiative decay rate while maintaining the Huygens' condition, complementing existing Huygens' metasurfaces whose bandwidths are relatively broad and complicated to tune. This novel feature can provide new insight for various applications, including optical sensing, dispersion engineering and pulse shaping, tunable metasurfaces, metadevices with high spectral selectivity, and nonlinear meta-optics.		###
J17021895131	Diamido tantalum(V) complexes derived from a diazamacrocycle	The amido complexes _(Ta~(O(N)[2]~)(CH[2]Ph)[3]_), (1), _(Ta~(O(N)[2]~)(_m-CHBu{t})~(_m-O(NH)N~)Li_), (2), and _(Ta~(O(N)[2]~)Cl[3]_), (3), all featuring the dianionic diamido macrocycle _(O(N)[2]_){2_-} originating from O(NH)[2] by deprotonation, O(NH)[2]__=__3,3-dimethyl-1,5-diaza-8-oxacyclodecane, have been prepared from Ta(CH[2]Ph)[5], Ta(CH[2]{t}Bu)[3]Cl[2] and TaCl[5] by alkanolysis, salt metathesis with Li[2]_(O(N)[2]_) and Me[3]SiCl elimination with O(NSiMe[3])[2], respectively. Structural analyses revealed that in (1) the macrocycle is facially coordinated, while (2) contains one dianionic, facially coordinated macrocycle and one monoanionic macrocycle coordinating one lithium atom and metallated at one of the 3-methyl groups by the Ta.	 Azamacrocycle; Amido; Bimetallic; Alkylidene;.	###
J1565250281	Tuning of PEDOT:PSS Properties Through Covalent Surface Modification	Conductive polymer (poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)-poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) is an attractive platform for the design of flexible electronic, optoelectronic, and (bio)sensor devices. Practical application of PEDOT:PSS often requires an incorporation of specific molecules or moieties for tailoring of its physical-chemical properties. In this article, a method for covalent modification of PEDOT:PSS using arenediazonium tosylates was proposed. The procedure includes two steps: chemisorption of diazo-cations on the PEDOT:PSS surface followed by thermal decomposition of the diazonium salt and the covalent bond formation. Structural and surface properties of the samples were evaluated by XPS, SEM-EDX, AFM, goniometry, and a range of electric and optical measurements. The developed modification procedure enables tuning of the PEDOT:PSS surface properties such as conductivity and optical absorption. The possibility to introduce various organic functional groups (from hydrophilic to hydrophobic) and to create new groups for further functionalization makes the developed procedure multipurpose. 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J. Polym. Sci., Part B: Polym. Phys. 2017, 55, 378-387	 conducting polymers; conductive polymers; diazonium chemistry; functionalization of polymers; PEDOT; PSS; surface modification; thin.	###
J1694915011X	CT image denoising using NLM and correlation-based wavelet packet thresholding	The impact of radiation dose is directly related to the quality of computed tomography (CT) images. Low-dose CT images are degraded with the noise and other factors. Noise reduction methods are very helpful to enhance the noisy CT images with a possibility to increase the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and have a scope for further reduction of radiation dose. In this study, a denoising scheme is proposed which is applicable only for two identical images with uncorrelated noise. In the proposed scheme, a non-local means (NLM) filter is used to denoise the first input image and a wavelet packet thresholding to denoise the second input image. Results of NLM filter are analysed and found excellent for noise suppression but missing the small structures of the input image. To recover that, the proposed scheme is using correlation-based wavelet packet thresholding. The final outcomes of the proposed scheme are excellent in terms of noise suppression and structure preservation. The proposed scheme is compared with existing methods and it is observed that performance of the proposed method is superior to existing methods in terms of visual quality, image quality index, peak SNR and entropy difference	 computerised tomography; image denoising; image enhancement; image filtering; medical image processing; wavelet transforms; CT image denoising; NLM filter; computed tomography images; correlation-based wavelet packet thresholding; entropy difference;.	###
J1558695X104	Experimental study of free-stream turbulence induced transition in an adverse pressure gradient	Abstract Results from Particle Image Velocimetry (PIV) investigations have been discussed in order to characterize the dynamics driving the transition process in a strong adverse pressure gradient condition exposed to high Free Stream Turbulence Intensity (FSTI) level. Measurements have been carried out in the suction side boundary layer of a low pressure turbine cascade. Two orthogonal planes are analyzed in order to study both lift-up mechanisms of low speed streaks (in the wall-normal plane) as well as instability mechanisms (in the wall-parallel plane) leading to the breakdown of streaks, thus transition. Proper Orthogonal Decomposition (POD) has been used to provide the reconstruction of the PIV data highlighting the instability motions as well as the occurrence of wall-normal oriented vortical filaments growing on the flanks of the streaks during their breakdown process. The dynamics characterizing the transition process in this strong adverse pressure gradient condition has been discussed in detail and analogies with recent models developed for flat plate are highlighted. The main streak dimensions (e.g. the spacing and wavelength during breakdown) are also compared with flat plate data reported in the literature. Once made dimensionless with the local boundary layer displacement thickness, the streak dimensions observed in the present case agree well with flat plate ones, making evident the self-similarity properties of the streaky structures irrespective of the strong adverse pressure gradient condition.	 Boundary layer streaks; Adverse pressure gradient; POD; Transition induced by free stream.	###
J15491118105	Experimental Study on Creep Characterization and Lifetime Estimation of RPV Material at 723-1023 K	During the plant operation, nuclear reactor pressure vessel (RPV) is the most critical pressure boundary component for integrity and safety in a light-water reactor. In this paper, the creep behavior and properties for RPV metallic material are studied by conducting constant-temperature and constant-load creep tests at 723, 823, 923 and 1023 K. The _j projection constitutive model was established based on a creep method to describe the high-temperature creep behavior of RPV material. The material parameter _j would be obtained based on experimental data by depending on numerical optimization techniques. The relationship between and among _j, T and _s was evaluated, and the coefficients a[i], b[i], c[i] and d[i] were obtained. Based on the short-term tests at a high temperature, the values for long-term creep data could be predicted in accordance with parameter _j. Moreover, rupture life, the minimum creep rate and the time reaching to an arbitrary strain can be calculated and may be used to evaluate the damage behavior and properties, so as to be used as a reference for design and safety assessment.		###
J15470293757	Artificial neural network modeling for evaluating the power consumption of silicon production in submerged arc furnaces	Abstract The Pearson correlation coefficient between different quantities of metal oxides and specific power consumption was used here to determine the effect of metal oxide content on the power consumed by an industrial silicon production process. The results showed that the effect of oxide content on power consumption falls into the order CaO > Fe[2]O[3] > Al[2]O[3]. The interactive effects among the main oxide matter (CaO, Fe[2]O[3], and Al[2]O[3]) and remaining trace oxide matter (MgO, K[2]O, TiO[2], Cr[2]O[3], and NiO) of raw materials were also analyzed via contour diagrams; the results showed that the dominant metal oxides play a much more important role in power consumption than any of the trace oxides. The oxide content of the charge raw material critically affects the specific power consumption and electrical energy costs of the submerged arc furnace (SAF), and can be reduced by appropriately taking them into account. ANN (artificial neural network) modeling was used to evaluate the power consumption of silicon production in a typical SAF. The value R{2} = 0.80 of the neural network indicates that 80% of the variation in specific power consumption can be accounted for via the proposed model.	 Power consumption; Submerged arc furnace; Silicon; Pearson correlation coefficient; Contour diagrams; Artificial neural.	###
J1565278275	3D Printing of Aniline Tetramer-Grafted-Polyethylenimine and Pluronic F127 Composites for Electroactive Scaffolds	Electroactive hydrogel scaffolds are fabricated by the 3D-printing technique using composites of 30% Pluronic F127 and aniline tetramer-grafted-polyethylenimine (AT-PEI) copolymers with various contents from 2.5% to 10%. The synthesized AT-PEI copolymers can self-assemble into nanoparticles with the diameter of ~=50 nm and display excellent electroactivity due to AT conjugation. The copolymers are then homogeneously distributed into 30% Pluronic F127 solution by virtue of the thermosensitivity of F127, denoted as F/AT-PEI composites. Macroscopic photographs of latticed scaffolds elucidate their excellent printability of F/AT-PEI hydrogels for the 3D-printing technique. The conductivities of the printed F/AT-PEI scaffolds are all higher than 2.0 _* 10{_-3} S cm{_-1}, which are significantly improved compared with that of F127 scaffold with only 0.94 _* 10{_-3} S cm{_-1}. Thus, the F/AT-PEI scaffolds can be considered as candidates for application in electrical stimulation of tissue regeneration such as repair of muscle and cardiac nerve tissue.	 3D printing; AT-PEI copolymer; electroactive scaffolds; Pluronic.	###
J15060443171	Application of Mouse Embryonic Stem Cell Test to Detect Gender-Specific Effect of Chemicals: A Supplementary Tool for Embryotoxicity Prediction	"Gender effect is an inherent property of chemicals, characterized by variations caused by the chemical-biology interaction. It has widely existed, but the shortage of an appropriate model restricts the study on gender-specific effect. The embryonic stem cell test (EST) has been utilized as an alternative test for developmental toxicity. Despite its numerous improvements, mouse embryonic stem cells with an XX karyotype have not been used in the EST, which restricts the ability of the EST to identify gender-specific effects during high-throughput-screening (HTS) of chemicals to date. To address this, the embryonic stem cell (ESC) SP3 line with an XX karyotype was used to establish a _6female~"" model as a complement to EST. Here, we proposed a _6double-objects in unison~"" (DOU)-EST, which consisted of male ESC and female ESC; a seven-day EST protocol was utilized, and the gender-specific effect of chemicals was determined and discriminated; the replacement of myosin heavy chain (MHC) with myosin light chain (MLC) provided a suitable molecular biomarker in the DOU-EST. New linear discriminant functions were given in the purpose of distinguishing chemicals into three classes, namely, no gender-specific effect, male-susceptive, and female-susceptive. For 15 chemicals in the training set, the concordances of prediction result as no gender effect, male susceptive, and female susceptive were 86.67%, 86.67%, and 93.33%, respectively, the sensitivities were 66.67%, 83.33%, and 83.33%, respectively, and the specificities were 91.67%, 88.89%, and 100%, respectively; the total accuracy of DOU-EST was 86.67%. For three chemicals in the test set, one was incorrectively predicted. The possible reason for misclassification may due to the absence of hormone environment in vitro. Leave-one-out cross-validation (LOOCV) indicated a mean error rate of 18.34%. Taken together, these data suggested a good performance of the proposed DOU-EST. Emerging chemicals with undiscovered gender-specific effects are anticipated to be screened with the DOU-EST."		###
J1592868088	Molecular dynamics simulations of NMR relaxation and diffusion of bulk hydrocarbons and water	Abstract Molecular dynamics (MD) simulations are used to investigate 1H nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) relaxation and diffusion of bulk n-C5H12 to n-C17H36 hydrocarbons and bulk water. The MD simulations of the 1H NMR relaxation times T1,2 in the fast motion regime where T1=T2 agree with measured (de-oxygenated) T2 data at ambient conditions, without any adjustable parameters in the interpretation of the simulation data. Likewise, the translational diffusion DT coefficients calculated using simulation configurations agree with measured diffusion data at ambient conditions. The agreement between the predicted and experimentally measured NMR relaxation times and diffusion coefficient also validate the forcefields used in the simulation. The molecular simulations naturally separate intramolecular from intermolecular dipole-dipole interactions helping bring new insight into the two NMR relaxation mechanisms as a function of molecular chain-length (i.e. carbon number). Comparison of the MD simulation results of the two relaxation mechanisms with traditional hard-sphere models used in interpreting NMR data reveals important limitations in the latter. With increasing chain length, there is substantial deviation in the molecular size inferred on the basis of the radius of gyration from simulation and the fitted hard-sphere radii required to rationalize the relaxation times. This deviation is characteristic of the local nature of the NMR measurement, one that is well-captured by molecular simulations.	 Intramolecular relaxation; Intermolecular relaxation; Autocorrelation function; Hard-sphere.	###
J16498736204	Selenium-functionalized liposomes for systemic delivery of doxorubicin with enhanced pharmacokinetics and anticancer effect	Liposomes have shown to be an excellent drug delivery system, but the short in vivo fate discourages their popularity. This work aimed to develop selenium-functionalized liposomes (SeLPs) for doxorubicin (Dox) delivery to prolong the systemic circulation of liposomes by in situ selenium coating and enhance the anticancer effect via the synergy between Dox and selenium. Dox-loaded SeLPs (Dox-SeLPs) were prepared by film hydration/active loading/in situ reduction technique and characterized by particle size, entrapment efficiency and morphology. The resulting Dox-SeLPs were 127__nm around in particle size (uncoated liposomes 107__nm) and were spherical in morphology. It was shown that Dox-SeLPs possessed a sustained release effect for Dox and could increase the cellular uptake of Dox compared with Dox-loaded liposomes (Dox-LPs). The accumulative Dox release from Dox-SeLPs was 46.5% and it was 64.9% for Dox-LPs within 84 h. Moreover, Dox-SeLPs exhibited slower drug release in the fetal bovine serum. Trafficking pathway study revealed that clathrin-mediated endocytosis and macropinocytosis were involved in the cellular uptake process of Dox-SeLPs. The in vitro cytotoxicity and apoptosis test indicated that Dox-SeLPs had higher cytotoxicity than that of free Dox and Dox-LPs. Dox-SeLPs showed a IC[50] of 0.92___+__0.16___mg/mL on A549 cells, far lower than that of free Dox (4.40___+__0.58___mg/mL) and Dox-LPs (5.68___+__0.73___mg/mL). Dox-SeLPs significantly improved the pharmacokinetic property and enhanced the antitumor efficacy of Dox in tumor-bearing mice. In conclusion, SeLPs exhibit good sustained release for Dox and have synergic anticancer effect with Dox, which may be promising as drug delivery vehicle.	 Doxorubicin; Liposomes; Selenium; Anticancer; Synergic.	###
J17845839406	Superstatistics with q-deformed Dirac delta distribution and interacting gas model	In this paper we consider the superstatistics with q-deformed Dirac delta distribution which has the same mean as the Dirac delta distribution but has non-vanishing variance. We discuss the non-interacting ideal gas system and the interacting gas system such as square-well potential, Lennard-Jones potential, and Sutherland potential.		###
J14795113188	Investigation of Integrated Charging and Discharging Incorporating Interior Permanent Magnet Machine With Damper Bars for Electric Vehicles	Integrated charging technology in electric vehicles is expected to reduce the overall cost as well as the weight of the vehicle, while leading to fast charging capability in the vehicle. Understanding the above, this paper puts an effort to exclusively investigate interior permanent magnet synchronous machine (IPMSM) drive incorporating damper bars in rotor for integrated charging application in electric vehicles. First, motivation for the employment of IPMSM with damper bars for integrated charging is provided and justified. Thereafter, a novel parameter determination method based on dq-axis theory to determine the parameters of a laboratory IPMSM with dampers is proposed and experimentally validated. The determined parameters are then employed to design, control, and compare the performance of an integrated charging system incorporating an IPMSM drive with and without damper bars. The developed system is then experimentally tested under both vehicle-to-grid and grid-to-vehicle modes, and results elicited from the investigations are discussed.	 battery powered vehicles; cost reduction; permanent magnet machines; shock absorbers; synchronous machines; vibration control; IPMSM drive; cost reduction; damper bar; dq-axis theory; electric vehicle; grid-to-vehicle mode; integrated charging.	###
J18037043750	I[2]/PhI(OAc)[2] Copromoted Amination Reaction: Synthesis of _a-Dicarbonylsulfoximine Derivatives by Incorporating an Intact Dimethyl Sulfoxide	"An I[2]/PhI(OAc)[2] copromoted strategy using dimethyl sulfoxide as an ""S/C2/O"" source for preparing _a-dicarbonylsulfoximine derivatives is reported. This process involves oxidative coupling to construct a C-N bond and electrophilic amination of dimethyl sulfoxide to afford an N=S bond, with dimethyl sulfoxide present in the final product as an intact molecule. Furthermore, tetramethylene sulfoxide as a solvent is also compatible with this amination reaction."		###
J15706017561	Green residues from Bangkok green space for renewable energy recovery, phosphorus recycling and greenhouse gases emission reduction	Abstract Effective ways to integrate human life quality, environmental pollution mitigation and efficient waste management strategies are becoming a crisis challenge for sustainable urban development. The aims of this study are: (1) to evaluate and recommend an optimum Urban Green Space (UGS) area for the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration (BMA); and (2) to quantify potential renewable resources including electricity generation and potential nutrient recovery from generated ash. Green House Gases (GHGs) emissions from the management of Green Residues (GR) produced in a recommended UGS expansion are estimated and compared with those from the existing BMA waste management practice. Results obtained from this study indicate that an increase in UGS from its current 2.02% to 22.4% of the BMA urban area is recommended. This optimum value is primarily due to the area needed as living space for its population. At this scale, GR produced of about 334 kt~xy{_-1} may be used to generate electricity at the rate of 206 GWh~xy{_-1} by employing incineration technology. Additionally, instead of going to landfill, phosphorus (P) contained in the ash of 1077 t P~xy{_-1} could be recovered to produce P fertilizer to be recycled for agricultural cultivation. Income earned from selling these products is found to offset all of the operational cost of the proposed GR management methodology itself plus 7% of the cost of BMA's Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) operations. About 70% of the current GHGs emission may be reduced based on incineration simulation.	 Greenhouse gases; Green residues; Phosphorus recycling; Renewable energy; Thailand; Urban green.	###
J15995175234	Non-contrast magnetic resonance imaging for bladder cancer: fused high b value diffusion-weighted imaging and T2-weighted imaging helps evaluate depth of invasion	Objects. To investigate the utility of fused high b value diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) and T2-weighted imaging (T2WI) for evaluating depth of invasion in bladder cancer. Methods. We included 62 patients with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and surgically confirmed urothelial carcinoma in the urinary bladder. An experienced genitourinary radiologist analysed the depth of invasion (T stage <2 or _>2) using T2WI, DWI, T2WI plus DWI, and fused DWI and T2WI (fusion MRI). Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value (NPV) and accuracy were investigated. Area under the curve (AUC) was analysed to identify T stage _>2. Results. The rate of patients with surgically confirmed T stage _>2 was 41.9% (26/62). Sensitivity, specificity, PPV, NPV and accuracy were 50.0%, 55.6%, 44.8%, 60.6% and 53.2%, respectively, with T2WI; 57.7%, 77.8%, 65.2%, 71.8% and 69.4%, respectively, with DWI; 65.4%, 80.6%, 70.8%, 76.3% and 74.2%, respectively, with T2WI plus DWI and 80.8%, 77.8%, 72.4%, 84.9% and 79.0%, respectively, with fusion MRI. AUC was 0.528 with T2WI, 0.677 with DWI, 0.730 with T2WI plus DWI and 0.793 with fusion MRI for T stage _>2. Conclusion. Fused high b value DWI and T2WI may be a promising non-contrast MRI technique for assessing depth of invasion in bladder cancer. Key Points. ~x Accuracy of fusion MRI was 79.0% for T stage _>2 in bladder cancer.~x AUC of fusion MRI was 0.793 for T stage _>2 in bladder cancer.~x Diagnostic performance of fusion MRI was comparable with T2WI plus DWI.~x As a non-contrast MRI technique, fusion MRI is useful for bladder cancer.	 Bladder cancer, MRI, Fusion, Diffusion-weighted imaging,.	###
J14364007133	Quantifying the impacts of ENSO and IOD on rain gauge and remotely sensed precipitation products over Australia	Large-scale ocean-atmospheric phenomena like the El Ni~6no Southern Oscillation (ENSO) and Indian Ocean Dipole (IOD) have significant influence on Australia's precipitation variability. In this study, multi-linear regression (MLR) and complex empirical orthogonal function (CEOF) analyses were applied to isolate (i) the continental precipitation variations likely associated with ENSO and IOD, here referred to as 'ENSO/IOD mode', and (ii) the variability not associated with ENSO/IOD (the 'non-ENSO/IOD mode'). The first is of interest due to its dominant influence on inter-annual variability, while the second may reveal lower frequency variability or trends. Precipitation products used for this study included gridded rainfall estimates derived by interpolation of rain gauge data from the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BoM), two satellite remote sensing products (CHIRP and TRMM TMPA version 7), and two weather forecast model re-analysis products (ERA-Interim and MERRA). The products covered the period 1981-2014 except TMPA (1998-2014). Statistical and frequency-based inter-comparisons were performed to evaluate the seasonal and long-term skills of various rainfall products against the BoM product. The results indicate that linear trends in rainfall during 1981-2014 were largely attributable to ENSO and IOD. Both intra-annual and seasonal rainfall changes associated with ENSO and IOD increased from 1991 to 2014. Among the continent's 13 major river basins, the greatest precipitation variations associated with ENSO/IOD were found over the Northern and North East Coast, while the smallest contributions were for Tasmania and the South West Coast basins. We also found that although the assessed products show comparable spatial variability of rainfall over Australia, systematic seasonal differences exist that were more pronounced during the ENSO and IOD events.	 Australia's rainfall; Remote sensing; Long-term trend; Complex EOF; ENSO; IOD; Seasonal.	###
J1702186016	Assessment of the health risks and odor concentration of volatile compounds from a municipal solid waste landfill in China	Municipal solid waste (MSW) landfills are a source of odorous and toxic compounds. In this work, we present an integrated assessment of the odor concentration and human health risks of volatile compounds to evaluate the environmental quality at a MSW landfill. Air samples were collected seasonally from six areas of the landfill with different functions. The total concentrations of the compounds ranged from 204.0 to 7426.7___mg__m{_-3}, and the concentrations in temporarily and permanently capped areas were 50.3 and 83.4% lower than those in the tipping area, respectively. The odor concentration was greatest at the leachate collection tank (1732-6254 ou[E] m{_-3}) and tipping area (1573-4113 ou[E] m{_-3}) and was mainly caused by hydrogen sulfide (57.9 and 49.1%, respectively). Moreover, the odor concentration was positively correlated with the temperature (r__=__0.500, p__<__0.05, n__=__24). Although the non-carcinogenic (HI) and carcinogenic (R) risks of most compounds were largely below the acceptable levels (HI__=__1, R__=__1.0E-6), HI values of hydrogen sulfide (2.3), trichloropropane (2.0), and naphthalene (1.2) as well as R values of naphthalene (1.3E-4) and trimethylbenzene (1.2E-4) in the waste areas exceeded acceptable levels. Moreover, the cumulative HI (2.5-5.7) and R (1.0E-04 to 3.4E-04) in the waste areas should receive special attention since they were above acceptable levels during all of the seasons. Aromatic and halogenated compounds dominated the cumulative R, accounting for 79 and 21% of the total, on average, while for the cumulative HI, sulfur compounds contributed the most (67%).	 Municipal solid waste; Landfill gas; Odor concentration; Health risk; Hydrogen.	###
J170567884X	Activation Energies and Diffusion Coefficients of Polarons and Bipolarons in Organic Conductors	Intrachain diffusion of charge carriers in organic conductors is analyzed. Using a tight-binding model Hamiltonian that includes strong electron-phonon coupling combined with a Langevin equation, we simulate both polaron and bipolaron dynamics under quantum-corrected thermal effects. Nonadiabatic molecular time evolution is used to determine how these quasiparticles diffuse through a nondegenerate conjugated polymer. By means of a phenomenological approach, we evaluate the diffusion coefficient and activation energies for the motion of both polarons and bipolarons. The analysis of activation energies, in agreement with available experimental data, suggests that the presence of bipolarons may inhibit the efficiency of organic-based devices. The results presented here point to the importance of taking a closer look at the effects of bipolaron dynamics in organic devices.		###
J1524645893	Increasing aeolian dust deposition to snowpacks in the Rocky Mountains inferred from snowpack, wet deposition, and aerosol chemistry	Mountain snowpacks are a vital natural resource for ~/1.5 billion people in the northern Hemisphere, helping to meet human and ecological demand for water in excess of that provided by summer rain. Springtime warming and aeolian dust deposition accelerate snowmelt, increasing the risk of water shortages during late summer, when demand is greatest. While climate networks provide data that can be used to evaluate the effect of warming on snowpack resources, there are no established regional networks for monitoring aeolian dust deposition to snow. In this study, we test the hypothesis that chemistry of snow, wet deposition, and aerosols can be used as a surrogate for dust deposition to snow. We then analyze spatial patterns and temporal trends in inferred springtime dust deposition to snow across the Rocky Mountains, USA, for 1993-2014. Geochemical evidence, including strong correlations (r{2} _> 0.94) between Ca{2+}, alkalinity, and dust concentrations in snow deposited during dust events, indicate that carbonate minerals in dust impart a strong chemical signature that can be used to track dust deposition to snow. Spatial patterns in chemistry of snow, wet deposition, and aerosols indicate that dust deposition increases from north to south in the Rocky Mountains, and temporal trends indicate that winter/spring dust deposition increased by 81% in the southern Rockies during 1993-2014. Using a multivariate modeling approach, we determined that increases in dust deposition and decreases in springtime snowfall combined to accelerate snowmelt timing in the southern Rockies by approximately 7-18 days between 1993 and 2014. Previous studies have shown that aeolian dust emissions may have doubled globally during the 20th century, possibly due to drought and land-use change. Climate projections for increased aridity in the southwestern U.S., northern Africa, and other mid-latitude regions of the northern Hemisphere suggest that aeolian dust emissions may continue to increase, compounding the risk that climate warming poses to snowpack water resources in arid/semi-arid regions of the world.	 Aeolian; Carbonate; Dust; Snow; Trends;.	###
J17866909136	Multienzymatic cascade synthesis of an enantiopure (2R,5R)-1,3-oxathiolane anti-HIV agent precursor	An enantiopure (2R,5R)-1,3-oxathiolane was obtained using a multienzymatic cascade protocol. By employing a combination of surfactant-treated subtilisin Carlsberg and Candida antarctica lipase B, the absolute configuration of the resulting 1,3-oxathiolane ring was efficiently controlled, resulting in an excellent enantiomeric excess (>99%). This enantiopure 1,3-oxathiolane derivative is a key precursor to anti-HIV agents, such as lamivudine, through subsequent N-glycosylation.	 Enzyme; Subtilisin Carlsberg; Candida antarctica lipase B; HIV;.	###
J1554600145X	Size-controllable growth of ZnO nanorods on Si substrate	Abstract Here we report a simple two-step chemical-solution-based method to grow highly oriented and size-controllable ZnO nanorods on ZnO-seeded Si substrate. The morphology of the grown ZnO nanorods was examined by field emission scanning electron microscopy. The structure was characterized by X-ray diffraction and Raman scattering spectrum. Photoluminescence spectra were measured at room temperature and low temperatures to evaluate the photoluminescence properties of the ZnO nanorods. The grown ZnO nanorods are structured with hexagonal wurtzite. The diameter and length of ZnO nanorods can be controlled by varying the crystal quality of the underlying ZnO seed layers. The crystal quality of the seed layers gets improved as the deposition time and annealing temperature for ZnO seed layers are increased. The effects of annealing on the ZnO nanorods were also studied.	 ZnO; Nanorod; Seed layer; Hydrothermal reaction; Size-controllable.	###
J1723380997	The USP8 mutational status may predict long-term remission in patients with Cushing's disease	Summary Objective Almost half of the cases of Cushing's disease (CD) tumours carry recurrent activating somatic mutations in the ubiquitin-specific protease eight gene (USP8). The USP8 mutational status could predict remission in patients with CD, so our objective was to correlate the presence of somatic USP8 mutations with the rate of recurrence after transsphenoidal surgery (TSS) retrospectively. Design Biochemical, radiological and clinical data were retrospectively assessed in 48 patients. USP8 mutational status was determined from corticotroph tumour samples. Association between USP8 mutational status, remission and recurrence was investigated. Patients Patients with Cushing's disease from a single-centre cohort who underwent TSS between 1991 and 2012. Measurements Long-term remission and recurrence rate after TSS with at least 6 months follow-up. Biochemical, radiological and clinical data, including sex, age at diagnosis, tumour size and pre-operative hormonal levels. USP8 mutational status. Results Patients with USP8 mutant corticotroph tumours (18 of 48; 37%) were diagnosed significantly earlier (mean _+ SD 46 _+ 10 years vs 53 _+ 11 years; P = 0.028) and presented with higher pre-operative 24-hour urinary-free cortisol levels (median IQR _mg/24 hours 1174.0, 1184.5 vs 480.0, 405.3; P = 0.045). The incidence of recurrence in a 10-year follow-up was significantly higher in patients with USP8 mutant tumours after the initial remission (58% vs 18% P = 0.026). Recurrence appeared significantly earlier in these patients (months 70, 44-97 95% CI vs 102, 86-119 95% CI; P = 0.019). Conclusion Recurrence appears to be more frequent and earlier after TSS in patients with USP8 mutant corticotroph tumours.	 adrenocorticotropic hormone; corticotroph tumour; Cushing's disease; pituitary; recurrence; remission; USP8.	###
J14985885181	Effect of surface morphology on the optical properties of InAs/Ge (1 1 1)	In the present work, the effect of surface morphology of nanotextured InAs/Ge (1 1 1) epilayers on their optical properties is presented. Spectroscopic ellipsometry measurement of dielectric constants using effective medium approximation reveals that nanotextured InAs layers have reduced value of dielectric constant compared to the bulk in the energy range of 1.6-6 eV, which is attributed to its morphology and quantum confinement effect. The anisotropy in the shape of the InAs nanostructures also gives rise to anisotropic dielectric constant leading to partial relaxation in polarization dependent Raman selection rule. A phonon mode observed at ~/234 cm{_-1} in the InAs/Ge heterostructure is identified as plasmon-LO phonon coupled mode originating from the accumulated surface of InAs and this is found to be independent of the morphology of InAs structures. This identification is also corroborated with the temperature dependent phonon frequency shift of the coupled mode. Carrier concentration of 5-8 _* 10{17} cm{_-3} for the surface accumulation layer is estimated with the help of the frequency of the coupled mode.		###
J1552122X292	Optimization of ultrasonic-assisted extraction of antioxidant polysaccharides from the stem of Trapa quadrispinosa using response surface methodology	Abstract Response surface methodology (RSM) was used to optimize experimental conditions for ultrasonic-assisted extraction (UAE) of antioxidant crude polysaccharides (CPS) from Trapa quadrispinosa stems. Antioxidant capacity of polysaccharides was determined by Ferric-Reducing Antioxidant Capacity (FRAC) assay with the method of 1, 10-phenanthroline. The maximum yield of polysaccharides (2.78 _+ 0.16%) was obtained under optimal extraction conditions of extraction time, 41 min; ratio of water to material, 31.5 mL/g; and extraction temperature, 58_0C. The maximum antioxidant capacity (19.02 _+ 0.24 _mmol Fe{2+}/g) was obtained under the optimal extraction conditions of extraction time, 38 min; ratio of water to material, 32 mL/g; and extraction temperature, 56_0C. These two values were agreed well with predicted yield (2.75%) and antioxidant capacity (18.77 _mmol Fe{2+}/g). Antioxidant activities of CPS were investigated by various assays. The results showed that CPS[UAE] obtained by UAE showed higher 1,1-Diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazxyl (DPPH), 2,2-azinobis(3-ethylbenzthiazoline)-6-sulfonic acid (ABTS) radical scavenging activities and stronger reducing power, total antioxidant capacity compared with CPS[HWE] obtained by hot water extraction (HWE).The results indicated that UAE is an advisable method for extraction of antioxidant polysaccharides from the stem of T. quadrispinosa and polysaccharides could be explored as potential antioxidant to use in medicine or functional food.	 Trapa quadrispinosa Roxb.; Antioxidant polysaccharides; Ultrasonic-assisted extraction; Response surface.	###
J1598051857	Early-life decline in neurogenesis markers and age-related changes of TrkB splice variant expression in the human subependymal zone	Neurogenesis in the subependymal zone (SEZ) declines across the human lifespan, and reduced local neurotrophic support is speculated to be a contributing factor. While tyrosine receptor kinase B (TrkB) signalling is critical for neuronal differentiation, maturation and survival, little is known about subependymal TrkB expression changes during postnatal human life. In this study, we used quantitative PCR and in situ hybridisation to determine expression of the cell proliferation marker Ki67, the immature neuron marker doublecortin (DCX) and both full-length (TrkB-TK+) and truncated TrkB receptors (TrkB-TK-) in the human SEZ from infancy to middle age (n = 26-35, 41 days to 43 years). We further measured TrkB-TK+ and TrkB-TK- mRNAs in the SEZ from young adulthood into ageing (n = 50, 21-103 years), and related their transcript levels to neurogenic and glial cell markers. Ki67, DCX and both TrkB splice variant mRNAs significantly decreased in the SEZ from infancy to middle age. In contrast, TrkB-TK- mRNA increased in the SEZ from young adulthood into ageing, whereas TrkB-TK+ mRNA remained stable. TrkB-TK- mRNA positively correlated with expression of neural precursor (glial fibrillary acidic protein delta and achaete-scute homolog 1) and glial cell markers (vimentin and pan glial fibrillary acidic protein). TrkB-TK+ mRNA positively correlated with expression of neuronal cell markers (DCX and tubulin beta 3 class III). Our results indicate that cells residing in the human SEZ maintain their responsiveness to neurotrophins; however, this capability may change across postnatal life. We suggest that TrkB splice variants may differentially influence neuronal and glial differentiation in the human SEZ.	 doublecortin; neurogenesis; proliferation; subventricular zone; truncated.	###
J1676584X73	Waterborne polyurethane/Fe[3]O[4]-synthetic talc composites: synthesis, characterization, and magnetic properties	Nano-Fe[3]O[4]-synthetic talc gel was used as filler in the synthesis of waterborne polyurethane/Fe[3]O[4]-synthetic talc nanocomposites. This filler presents numerous edges (Si-O and Mg-O) and OH groups easily forming hydrogen bonds and polar interaction with water conferring hydrophilic character, consequently improving filler dispersion within a water-based matrix. Yet, the use of waterborne polyurethane (WPU) as matrix must be highlighted due to its environmentally friendly characteristics and low toxicity compared to solvent-based product. Fe[3]O[4]-synthetic talc-nanofillers were well dispersed into the polyurethane matrix even at high filler content as supported by XRD and TEM analyses. NMR indicates the interaction of filler OH groups with the matrix. For all nanocomposites, one can see a typical ferromagnetic behavior below Curie temperature (about 120 K) and a superparamagnetic behavior above this temperature. The use of Fe[3]O[4]-synthetic talc for obtaining magnetic nanocomposites resulted in improved materials with superior mechanical properties compared to solvent-based nanocomposites.	 Waterborne polyurethane, Nanocomposites, Synthetic Fe 3 O 4 -talc, Physical.	###
J17810970182	Stretchable, electrically conductive and superhydrophobic/superoleophilic nanofibrous membrane with a hierarchical structure for efficient oil/water separation	A flexible, stretchable and electrically conductive nanofiber composite with superhydrophobicity was fabricated by ultrasonication induced carbon nanotubes (CNTs) decoration onto the polymer nanofiber, followed by methyltrichlorosilane (MTS) modification. The introduction of CNTs and polysiloxane derived from MTS improved the superhydrophobicity, conductivity, thermal stability and mechanical properties of the nanofibrous membrane. The superhydrophobicity and electrical conductivity could be maintained during the cyclic stretching. The nanofiber composite membrane could be utilized to separate the oil from the oil/water mixture regardless of pH of water, exhibiting a large flux, high efficiency and good recyclability.	 Superhydrophobic; Electrically conductive; Stretchable; Oil/water.	###
J16766188142	Determination of Bacterial Endotoxins in Drugs: False-Negative Results	One of the possible causes of false-negatives in bacterial endotoxin determinations, endotoxin aggregation and adsorption, was examined in a model experiment (positive control). A solution for eliminating the interfering actor using kinetic methods and a dispersing solvent was proposed based with the drug caspofungin as an example.	 bacterial endotoxins, interfering factors, inhibition, false-negative results, metal-containing polyanionic dispersing.	###
J1757357X350	Nitrogen Coordination To Dramatically Enhance the Stability of In-MOF for Selectively Capturing CO[2] from a CO[2]/N[2] Mixture	Two In-based MOFs with different structures were obtained by adjusting the position of carboxyl groups in 3-phenylpyridine, which confirmed nitrogen coordination to the In{3+} center playing an important role in dramatically enhancing the stability of In-based MOFs.		###
J1774515X41	Correction to: Intensity-dependent site amplification factors for Vrancea intermediate-depth earthquakes	"Co-author name typo-name to be read as _6Kyriazis Pitilakis~"" instead of _6Kyriazis Pitiliakis~""."		###
J175405071465	Filling two needs with one deed: Potentials to simultaneously improve phosphorus and nitrogen management in Austria as an example for coupled resource management systems	The tremendous increase in resource consumption over the past century and the environmental challenges it entails has spurred discussions for a shift from a linear to a circular resource use. However, to date most resource studies are restricted to one material or a single sector or process. In this work, a coupled material flow analysis taking the national phosphorus (P) and nitrogen (N) system of Austria as an example for two closely connected resource systems is conducted. Effects of different measures aimed at reducing P and/or N-demand, increasing recycling or reducing emissions to air and water are compared to a reference state (representing the actual situation in 2015). Changes in the mineral fertilizer demand of the system, P and N losses in the waste sector, water emissions of P and N, P soil accumulation and atmospheric N emissions are analyzed. Overall positive feedbacks between measures and between different goals of one measure always outweigh negative ones, which is why the highest efficiency gains (57_+4%) can be achieved by a combination of all the 16 measures studied. Potentials for the reduction of mineral fertilizer demand are larger than for emission reduction though, confirming the past priority of environmental protection over resource protection. Although coupling significantly raises model complexity it can be shown that material flows of more than one substance can be simultaneously analyzed in a rather complex system. This may reveal interrelations, co-benefits and trade-offs between different resources that might have been omitted in a mono-substance analysis and thus improve judgment of sustainability and viability of different management strategies.	 Material Flow Analysis; Resource efficiency; Circular.	###
J16513441125	Use of a Curtius Rearrangement as Part of the Multikilogram Manufacture of a Pyrazine Building Block	Commercial route definition for a glucokinase activator called for a reevaluation of the synthesis and processes used to access multikilogram quantities of 2-amino-5-methylpyrazine. After consideration of different options, a variation of the Curtius rearrangement used by the medicinal chemistry route was selected for further development. The formation of an acyl azide for the Curtius rearrangement required a process safety control strategy to be put in place. The process developed was used to successfully deliver multikilogram quantities of 2-amino-5-methylpyrazine in an overall yield of 68%, starting from 5-methylpyrazine-2-carboxylic acid.		###
J17286562130	Source and Significance of Detrital Zircons from Mesozoic Sandstones of the Upper Yangtze Block, China	In this study, we report U-Pb and Lu-Hf isotopic data for zircons from the Mesozoic sandstones of the Upper Yangtze area, which provide critical constraints on the provenance of these sediments and further shed light on the crustal evolution of the Upper Yangtze block. The results of isotopic chronology indicate the following: (1) The provenances of the study area are very complex, and the tectonic evolution process is relatively closed. (2) The provenances are mainly Archean-Proterozoic crystalline basement or recycled material; Paleoproterozoic crustal accretion in the western margin of the Yangtze block and Neoproterozoic magmatic activities related to subduction of the western margin of the Yangtze block; early Cambrian oceanic magmatic activity, which resulted from the intraplate extension of the northern margin of the Yangtze block; late Ordovician-early Silurian magmatic activity in the northern Yangtze block and Hercynian-Indochina uplift and erosion during the Hercynian movement. (3) The Yangtze crustal growth is episodic, and an increasing amount of ancient recycled material became part of the magmatic activity, as the zircon U-Pb ages are relatively young.	 U-Pb age; Hf model age; source; crustal evolution; Upper Yangtze block.	###
J15948495120	Towards stabilization of the potential response of Mn(III) tetraphenylporphyrin-based solid-state electrodes with selectivity for salicylate ions	We report a new type of solid-state electrode (type I) of a simple design with polyvinyl chloride membranes based on Mn(III) tetraphenylporphyrin and with graphite as the electronically conducting substrate. Enlargement of the membrane/graphite contact area by soaking graphite in the plasticizer with subsequent conditioning of the electrode at 30_0C allowed us to shorten the time required to achieve steady potential values of the sensors to just 3 days. These electrodes do not require a specially added RedOx system in the transducer layer. Stabilization of the EMF response of type I electrodes is compared to type II electrodes which contain a Cu{0}/Cu{2+} RedOx couple in the transducer layer. Type I sensors are suitable for measuring the salicylate ion concentration in the clinically important concentration range down to 2.5 _* 10{_-4}M with a sensitivity to salicylate ion of _-59.0 mV decade{_-1} in solutions with a high constant background of chloride ions of 0.12 M at pH = 5.3, making this a promising technique for an effective design of solid-contact ion-selective electrodes with polymeric sensing membranes.      Graphical abstract    		###
J16343481261	Cooperation-Driven Distributed Control Scheme for Large-Scale Wind Farm Active Power Regulation	Being more actively involved in the electricity market and power systems, wind farms are urgently expected to have similar controllable behavior to conventional generations so that demand assigned by the system operator can be met. However, determining the method of dispatching the reference among the widely spread and low-rating wind turbines is difficult. This paper provides a cooperation-driven distributed control scheme for wind farm active power regulation. Instead of competing with neighboring controllers completely, the control strategy evaluates system-wide impacts of local control actions, and aims to achieve coordinated control effect. In addition, the kinetic energy storage potential in a wind turbine is tapped to provide a buffer for power dispatch. Case studies demonstrate that a large wind farm can be effectively controlled to accurately track the demand power through the proposed control scheme	 distributed control; load regulation; power generation control; power generation dispatch; power markets; wind power plants; wind turbines; active power regulation; cooperation-driven distributed control scheme; coordinated control effect; electricity.	###
J17018762711	Czochralski growth and spectral investigations of Er:GSAG laser crystal	Er{3+} doped GSAG laser crystal with high optical quality was grown successfully by the Czochralski method for the first time. The structural parameters and the high crystalline quality of this crystal were determined. Judd-ofelt (J-O) parameterization scheme was applied to analyze the absorption spectra at room temperature. Accordingly, the lines strengths, oscillator strengths, transition probabilities, fluorescence branching ratios, and radiative lifetimes were calculated to characterize the laser properties of Er:GSAG crystal. Additionally, the fluorescence spectra and lifetimes of Er:GSAG crystal were measured and studied. The stimulated emission cross-section spectra and gain cross-section spectra were evaluated for {4}I[13/2] _!{4}I[15/2] (1.5-1.6___mm) transitions which indicate high potential of 1__at% Er:GSAG for laser emissions at 1567 and 1605__nm. Furthermore, the possibility of Er:GSAG crystal to realize the visible laser output pumped by the GaN LDs were initially studied and analyzed.	 Er:GSAG; Crystal growth; J-O theory; Laser; Fluorescence.	###
J157366412X	From Maxwell's equations to the theory of current-source density analysis	Despite the widespread use of current-source density (CSD) analysis of extracellular potential recordings in the brain, the physical mechanisms responsible for the generation of the signal are still debated. While the extracellular potential is thought to be exclusively generated by the transmembrane currents, recent studies suggest that extracellular diffusive, advective and displacement currents_-traditionally neglected_-may also contribute considerably toward extracellular potential recordings. Here, we first justify the application of the electro-quasistatic approximation of Maxwell's equations to describe the electromagnetic field of physiological origin. Subsequently, we perform spatial averaging of currents in neural tissue to arrive at the notion of the CSD and derive an equation relating it to the extracellular potential. We show that, in general, the extracellular potential is determined by the CSD of membrane currents as well as the gradients of the putative extracellular diffusion current. The diffusion current can contribute significantly to the extracellular potential at frequencies less than a few Hertz; in which case it must be subtracted to obtain correct CSD estimates. We also show that the advective and displacement currents in the extracellular space are negligible for physiological frequencies while, within cellular membrane, displacement current contributes toward the CSD as a capacitive current. Taken together, these findings elucidate the relationship between electric currents and the extracellular potential in brain tissue and form the necessary foundation for the analysis of extracellular recordings.	 current transfer; electrical conductivity; electrical stimulation; extracellular recordings; field.	###
J17051239380	Synthesis, spectroscopic characterization, DFT studies and antifungal activity of (E)-4-amino-5-_(N'-(2-nitro-benzylidene)-hydrazino_)-2,4-dihydro-_(1,2,4_)triazole-3-thione	The hydrazino Schiff base (E)-4-amino-5-_(N'-(2-nitro-benzylidene)-hydrazino_)-2,4-dihydro-_(1,2,4_)triazole-3-thione was synthesized and structurally characterized by elemental analysis, FT-IR, Raman, {1}H and {13}C-NMR and UV-Vis studies. A density functional theory (DFT) based electronic structure calculations were accomplished at B3LYP/6-311++G(d,p) level of theory. A comparative analysis of calculated vibrational frequencies with experimental vibrational frequencies was carried out and significant bands were assigned. The results indicate a good correlation (R{2}__=__0.9974) between experimental and theoretical IR frequencies. The experimental {1}H and {13}C-NMR resonance signals were also compared to the calculated values. The theoretical UV-Vis spectral studies were carried out using time dependent-DFT method in gas phase and IEFPCM model in solvent field calculation. The geometrical parameters were calculated in the gas phase. Atomic charges at selected atoms were calculated by Mulliken population analysis (MPA), Hirshfeld population analysis (HPA) and Natural population analysis (NPA) schemes. The molecular electrostatic potential (MEP) map was calculated to assign reactive site on the surface of the molecule. The conceptual-DFT based global and local reactivity descriptors were calculated to obtain an insight into the reactivity behaviour. The frontier molecular orbital analysis was carried out to study the charge transfer within the molecule. The detailed natural bond orbital (NBO) analysis was performed to obtain an insight into the intramolecular conjugative electronic interactions. The titled compound was screened for in vitro antifungal activity against four fungal strains and the results obtained are explained through in silico molecular docking studies.	 1,2,4-triazole; Hydrazino schiff base; DFT; Reactivity descriptors; NBO;.	###
J15561779520	Multi-step ahead electricity price forecasting using a hybrid model based on two-layer decomposition technique and BP neural network optimized by firefly algorithm	Abstract In the deregulated competitive electricity market, the price which reflects the relationship between electricity supply and demand is one of the most important elements, making it crucial for all market participants to precisely forecast the electricity price. However, electricity price series usually has complex features such as non-linearity, non-stationarity and volatility, which makes the price forecasting turn out to be very difficult. In order to improve the accuracy of electricity price forecasting, this paper first proposes a two-layer decomposition technique and then develops a hybrid model based on fast ensemble empirical mode decomposition (FEEMD), variational mode decomposition (VMD) and back propagation (BP) neural network optimized by firefly algorithm (FA). The proposed model is unique in the sense that VMD is specifically applied to further decompose the high frequency intrinsic mode functions (IMFs) generated by FEEMD into a number of modes in order to improve the forecast accuracy. To validate the effectiveness and accuracy of the proposed model, three electricity price series respectively collected from the real-world electricity markets of Australia and France are adopted to conduct the empirical study. The results indicate that the proposed model outperforms the other considered models over horizons of one-step, two-step, four-step and six-step ahead forecasting, which shows that the proposed model has superior performances for both one-step and multi-step ahead forecasting of electricity price.	 Electricity price forecasting; Multi-step ahead; Fast ensemble empirical mode decomposition; Variational mode decomposition; Firefly algorithm; Back propagation neural.	###
J17798091137	"Design of a Zn-MOF biosensor via a ligand _6lock~"" for the recognition and distinction of S-containing amino acids"	"Two new 2D Zn(II) metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) ~(_(Zn[2](L)[2](_m[2]-O)(H[2]O)[3]_)~x3DMA~)[n] (Zn-1) and _(Zn[2](L)[2](2,2_""-bipy)(_m[2]-O)(H[2]O)[2]_)[n] (Zn-2) (H[2]L = 2,5-thiophene dicarboxylic acid, bipy = 2,2_""-dipyridyl) were designed and synthesized. Through the strategy of introducing bipy as a _6lock~"", Zn-1 was transferred to Zn-2via a crystal-to-crystal process, which showed significantly enhanced solvent and air stability compared to that of Zn-1. Without post modification, Zn-2 was used as an electrode modified material to construct sensors for the electrochemical recognition and distinction of S-containing amino acids, including L-cysteine, L-methionine and L-cystine."		###
J1605443948	Radial velocity measurements and orbit determination of eight single-lined spectroscopic binary systems	Since early 2015, a new radial velocity monitoring campaign is going on at the University Observatory Jena. The aim of this project is to obtain current radial velocity measurements of selected single-lined spectroscopic binary systems as well as to redetermine and/or constrain their orbital solutions. In this paper, we characterize the properties of the target sample of the project, describe the spectroscopic observations, data reduction, and analysis, and present the first results of the project, taken with the fiber-linked astronomical spectrograph FLECHAS. We present 391 radial velocity measurements of eight spectroscopic binaries, which were taken within an epoch difference of 1.6 years. These radial velocities were used to determine the spectroscopic orbital elements of the observed binary systems, which exhibit orbital periods in the range between nearly one up to several dozens of days. We could constrain the orbital solutions of seven of these binary systems, and redetermine the orbital solution of _v Dra, whose orbit exhibits >4 times longer orbital period and is more eccentric than given in the 9th Catalogue of Spectroscopic Binary Orbits.	 binaries: spectroscopic; stars: individual: CO Cam; HR 791; HR 1401; 71 Dra; _a Dra; _w Cas; OS UMa; _v Dra; techniques: radial.	###
J16260268102	Oxidation and Mineralization of Mn{2+} Ions Mediated by Pseudomonas putida: Insights from an Experimental Study	The formation of manganese oxides in nature is commonly mediated by microorganisms. In this study, the mineralization of biogenic manganese oxidation mediated by Pseudomanas putida has been experimentally investigated by employing various characterization techniques, including SEM, FESEM, TEM, XRD, and STXM-NEXAFS. The results indicate that Mn{2+} ions can be oxidized into Mn (IV) minerals (birnessite and pyrolusite) and Mn(III) minerals (hausmannite and feitknechtite), successively. The primary products (birnessite and pyrolusite) further transformed into hausmannite and feitknechtite under Mn{2+} ion-enriched conditions. However, birnessite and pyrolusite are the end-products of the continuous microbial oxidation processes. These biogenic Mn oxides are poorly crystallized, which provides them with a high potential for usage in environmental restoration of contaminated soils and waters contaminated with heavy metals. The approaches employed in this study will also enrich genesis research of biological oxidation of Mn(II) species in nature.	 Pseudomanas putida; Mn2+; microbial oxidation;.	###
J1635458072	Can near-real-time satellite precipitation products capture rainstorms and guide flood warning for the 2016 summer in South China?	In the summer of 2016, severe storms caused serious casualties and destruction of facilities and properties over South China. Near-real-time (NRT) satellite precipitation products are attractive to rainstorm monitoring and flood warning guidance owing to its combination of timeliness, high spatiotemporal resolution, and broad coverage. We evaluate the performance of four NRT satellite products, i.e., Precipitation Estimation from Remotely Sensed Information using Artificial Neural Networks, 3B42RT, Global Satellite Mapping of Precipitation (GSMaP) NRT, and Integrated Multi-satellitE Retrievals for Global Precipitation Measurement (IMERG) Late run using a high-quality merged product in the rainy June over South China. In addition, a method based on an empirical flash flood guidance and the Flash Flood Potential Index is proposed to examine the applicability of satellite products in guiding flood warning. The IMERG Late run and GSMaP NRT perform the closest-to-ground observations. 3B42RT detects the most flood warning events due to its notable overestimation of actual precipitation. We recommend that the IMERG Late run is the best NRT satellite product in capturing flood hazard events according to the Pareto Efficiency of jointly optimizing higher hit ratio and lower false alarms	 floods; hydrological techniques; neural nets; rain; remote sensing; storms; AD 2016; Global Satellite Mapping of Precipitation; artificial neural networks; flash flood potential index; flood warning events; flood warning guidance; global precipitation.	###
J1657261815X	Computational study on the efficiency of MoS[2] membrane for removing arsenic from contaminated water	Molybdenum disulfide (MoS[2]) was used as a new nanostructure membrane for arsenic removal from contaminated aqueous solution. Three types of MoS[2] membrane, with different pore density, were designed to study their permeation properties. The results showed that MoS[2] with pores in its center had both high water permeability and high arsenic rejection. By engineering the pores on the surface of MoS[2], their water permeability was greatly increased, while their arsenic rejection rate maintained high and no arsenic passed through the MoS[2] pore in any of our simulations (100% salt rejection). This property of MoS[2] was due to its fish-bone nanostructure and an hourglass shape nanopore wherein the sulfur atoms were located at the edge pore and molybdenum atoms at the pore center. This arrangement of hydrophobic-hydrophilic atoms in the pore caused the water molecules to permeate through this pore with high flux. This performance of the MoS[2] was clarified by calculating the potential of the mean force for water molecules and arsenic ions. Therefore, MoS[2] with an appropriate pore in its center can be used as a water-pollutant separator.	 MoS2; Arsenic; Nanostructure membrane; Water pollutants;.	###
J1700757458	Nonmonotonic Glass Transition Temperature of Polymer Films Supported on Polymer Brushes	We modulated the grafting density (_s) and chain length of polystyrene (PS) brushes on substrates to probe their effect on the glass transition temperature (T[g]) in overlaying PS thin films. The T[g] of PS films was analyzed as a function of brush thickness (or _sR[g]{2}), where R[g] is the radius of gyration of PS brushes. Our results indicate that PS films below 90 nm exhibit a nonmonotonic dependence of T[g] on grafting density with the maximum T[g] occurring near the regime of wetting-dewetting transition of the overlaying melt. The maximum T[g] was found to be higher than the value of bulk PS system. Computer simulation results suggest that such trends arise as a consequence of the environment of enhanced friction presented by the brush layer and the overlap between the polymer film and the grafted layer.		###
J16192017138	The relationship between stroke severity and prior direct oral anticoagulant therapy in patients with acute ischaemic stroke and non-valvular atrial fibrillation	Background and purpose Anticoagulant treatment with a vitamin K antagonist (VKA) has been reported to reduce stroke severity when patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) suffer acute ischaemic stroke (AIS). Direct oral anticoagulant (DOAC) therapy also has the potential to reduce the initial severity of AIS. However, the effect of DOAC therapy on the severity of AIS is not well known. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of DOACs on initial stroke severity in patients with AIS and non-valvular AF. Methods From March 2011 to July 2016, consecutive patients with AIS having non-valvular AF were recruited. The effects of prior DOAC treatment on severity were assessed by multivariate logistic regression analyses. Results A total of 484 patients _(208 women; median age 79 (interquartile range, 71-85) years; National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score 9 (interquartile range, 3-20)_) were enrolled. Of these, 352 (73%) were on no anticoagulant medication, 54 (11%) were undertreated with a VKA, 35 (7%) were sufficiently treated (admission prothrombin time-international normalized ratio: _>2.0 for patients <70 years old and _>1.6 for _>70 years old) with a VKA and 43 (9%) were on a DOAC. The initial NIHSS score (median 10 in patients with no anticoagulation, 13 in undertreated VKA, 7 in sufficient VKA and 6 in DOAC, P = 0.018) was different among the groups. Multivariate analysis showed that DOAC was independently and negatively associated with severe (initial NIHSS score _> 10) stroke (odds ratio, 0.39; P = 0.041), compared with no anticoagulant therapy. Conclusions Direct oral anticoagulant treatment prior to the event should reduce initial stroke severity in patients with AIS and non-valvular AF.	 arterial occlusion; direct oral anticoagulant; ischaemic stroke; non-valvular atrial fibrillation;.	###
J17023723273	Tetraneutron: Rigorous continuum calculation	The four-neutron system is studied using exact continuum equations for transition operators and solving them in the momentum-space framework. A resonant behavior is found for strongly enhanced interaction but not a the physical strength, indicating the absence of an observable tetraneutron resonance, in contrast to a number of earlier works. As the transition operators acquire large values at low energies, it is conjectured that this behavior may explain peaks in many-body reactions even without a resonance.	 Four-body scattering; Transition operators; Resonance;.	###
J17318553425	Muscular MRI-based algorithm to differentiate inherited myopathies presenting with spinal rigidity	Objectives. Inherited myopathies are major causes of muscle atrophy and are often characterized by rigid spine syndrome, a clinical feature designating patients with early spinal contractures. We aim to present a decision algorithm based on muscular whole body magnetic resonance imaging (mWB-MRI) as a unique tool to orientate the diagnosis of each inherited myopathy long before the genetically confirmed diagnosis. Methods. This multicentre retrospective study enrolled 79 patients from referral centres in France, Brazil and Chile. The patients underwent 1.5-T or 3-T mWB-MRI. The protocol comprised STIR and T1 sequences in axial and coronal planes, from head to toe. All images were analyzed manually by multiple raters. Fatty muscle replacement was evaluated on mWB-MRI using both the Mercuri scale and statistical comparison based on the percentage of affected muscle. Results. Between February 2005 and December 2015, 76 patients with genetically confirmed inherited myopathy were included. They were affected by Pompe disease or harbored mutations in RYR1, Collagen VI, LMNA, SEPN1, LAMA2 and MYH7 genes. Each myopathy had a specific pattern of affected muscles recognizable on mWB-MRI. This allowed us to create a novel decision algorithm for patients with rigid spine syndrome by segregating these signs. This algorithm was validated by five external evaluators on a cohort of seven patients with a diagnostic accuracy of 94.3% compared with the genetic diagnosis. Conclusion. We provide a novel decision algorithm based on muscle fat replacement graded on mWB-MRI that allows diagnosis and differentiation of inherited myopathies presenting with spinal rigidity. Key Points. ~x Inherited myopathies are rare, diagnosis is challenging and genetic tests require specialized centres and often take years.  ~x Inherited myopathies are often characterized by spinal rigidity.  ~x Whole body magnetic resonance imaging is a unique tool to orientate the diagnosis of each inherited myopathy presenting with spinal rigidity.  ~x Each inherited myopathy in this study has a specific pattern of affected muscles that orientate diagnosis.  ~x A novel MRI-based algorithm, usable by every radiologist, can help the early diagnosis of these myopathies.	 Whole body imaging, Myopathies, structural, congenital, Muscular diseases, Muscular dystrophies, Spinal.	###
J1566995248	Effect of oxygen ion irradiation on dielectric, structural, chemical and thermoluminescence properties of natural muscovite mica	Abstract Thin cleaved samples (~/18 _mm) of natural muscovite mica were irradiated with 80 MeV oxygen ion beam at fluence ranging from 1_*10{12} to 5_*10{13} ion/cm{2}. The alterations in dielectric, structural, chemical and thermoluminescence properties of irradiated as well as pristine samples have been investigated. Dielectric constant decreases while other dielectric parameters such as dielectric loss, tan_d, ac conductivity[,] real and imaginary parts of electric modulus increase with increase of ion fluence. Williamson Hall investigation has been utilized to ascertain crystallite size and micro strain of pristine and irradiated samples. The XRD analysis revealed a significant increase in micro strain and dislocation density with an increase of ion fluence. The variations in dielectric properties upon irradiation are collaborated with structural modifications in the muscovite. No appreciable changes in characteristic bands (FTIR) have been observed after irradiation, indicating that natural muscovite mica is chemically stable. Natural muscovite mica has eminent applications in heavy ions dosimetry due to observation of well defined single peak at 303_0C with activation energy of 1.24 eV in TL spectrum.	 Muscovite mica; Oxygen ion irradiation; Dielectric properties; XRD; FTIR;.	###
J17008716482	Arsenic removal from groundwater by horizontal-flow continuous electrocoagulation (EC) as a standalone process	In this study, laboratory scale experiments were conducted with the horizontal continuous-flow EC reactor as a standalone technology with the capacity of 300__L/day with iron (Fe) plate bipolar electrodes to assess its efficiency in the removal of arsenic from raw groundwater without pre- and post-treatment pH modification of groundwater. The optimum EC reactor operating conditions were determined to be current density of 1.98__A/m{2}, charge loading of 54__C/L, flow rate of 12__L/h. The EC reactor was able to remove 96% of arsenic from raw groundwater and met respective World Health Organization (WHO) guideline value of 10___mg As/L within the 4__h experimental runs. The Fe electrode polarity change at 30__min successfully controlled passivation of Fe electrodes and enabled a steady reactor operation with the high As removal efficiency. Residual Fe concentration in treated groundwater was in the range 0.17___+__0.07__mg/L and met WHO guideline value for drinking water. The preliminary estimated operating cost at the optimum operating conditions was 0.0135__euro/m{3}.	 Continuous -flow electrocoagulation; Groundwater; Arsenic removal; Electrode.	###
J16463398108	A novel luminescent ionic trinuclear Cu[3]I[2] cluster cuprous complex supported by a P^N ligand: synthesis, structure characterization, properties and TD-DFT calculations	Luminescent cuprous complexes are an important class of coordination compounds due to their relative abundance, low cost and ability to display excellent luminescence. The title ionic trinuclear Cu[3]I[2] complex, tris_(_m[2]-diphenyl(pyridin-2-yl)phosphane-_k{2}P:N_)di-_m[3]-iodido-tricopper(I)(3 Cu_-Cu) hexafluoridophosphate, _(Cu[3]I[2](C[39]H[32]NP)[3]_)PF[6], conventionally abbreviated as _(Cu[3]I[2](Ph[2]PPy)[3]_)PF[6], is described. Each Cu{I} atom is coordinated by two _m[3]-iodide ligands and by a P and an N atom from two Ph[2]PPy ligands, giving rise to a CuI[2]PN tetrahedral coordination geometry about each Cu{I} centre. The electronic absorption and photoluminescence properties of this trinuclear cluster have been studied on as-synthesized samples, which had been examined previously by powder X-ray diffraction. A detailed time-dependent density functional theory (TD-DFT) study was carried out and showed a green emission derived from a halide-to-ligand charge transfer and metal-to-ligand charge transfer {3}(X+M)LCT excited state.	 cuprous iodide cluster; trinuclear ionic cluster; diphenylpyridylphosphane; luminescence; TD-DFT; crystal.	###
J14516060163	Current matched three-terminal dual junction GaAsP/SiGe tandem solar cell on Si	Lattice matched and current matched GaAsP/SiGe tandem solar cells on Si have the potential of 40% conversion efficiency _(8_). A corrected three-terminal tandem efficiency of 20.6% under 1_* illumination has been achieved, a relative improvement of approximately 9% compared to the 18.9% efficiency reported previously. Current matching is realized under 2.1_* illumination. This is achieved by improving the bottom cell structure, manipulating the bottom cell active area and adjusting the light spectrum during light IV measurements. This paper describes the design of the improved structure, a simplified fabrication process and a detailed current matching analysis of this tandem solar cell. Pathways to achieve the realistic efficiency of over 25% under 1_* illumination and near 30% under 20_* illumination are also discussed.	 Gallium arsenide phosphide; Silicon germanium; Tandem solar cells; Epitaxial layers; III-V semiconductor.	###
J1660931754	Network coding-based multi-path routing algorithm in two-layered satellite networks	Satellite networks are capable of contenting a variety of data transmission needs of users in geographically diverse locations throughout the world. Multi-layered satellite networks (MLSNs) can construct efficient communications networks due to their extensive coverage and high network capacity. However, throughput degradation and severe end-to-end delay could occur in MLSNs because of the traffic congestion. To resolve these problems, the authors first propose a novel MEO/LEO satellite network architecture that construct effective inter-satellite links. Then the authors present a network coding-based multi-path routing algorithm to deliver traffic through the hybrid satellite network. The analysis of characteristics of the proposed scheme are addressed by performance evaluations in simulation	 channel capacity; network coding; satellite links; telecommunication network routing; telecommunication traffic; MEO/LEO satellite network architecture; data transmission; inter-satellite links; multilayered satellite networks; network capacity; network.	###
J1602254532	Convolutional neural networks for ocular smartphone-based biometrics	Abstract Ocular biometrics in the visible spectrum has emerged as an area of significant research activity. In this paper, we propose a hybrid convolution-based model, for verifying a pair of periocular images containing the iris. We compose the hybrid model as a combination of an unsupervised and a supervised convolution neural network, and augment the combination with the well-known geometry-based Root SIFT model. We also compare the performance of both convolution-based models against each other, as well as, with the baseline Root SIFT. In the first (unsupervised w.r.t target dataset) convolution based deep learning approach, we use a stacked convolutional architecture, using external models learned a-priori on external facial and periocular data, on top of the baseline Root SIFT model applied on the provided data, and apply different score fusion models. In the second (supervised w.r.t target dataset) approach, we again use a stacked convolution architecture; but here, we learn the feature vector in a supervised manner. On the MICHE-II dataset, we obtain an AUROC of 0.946 and 0.981, and EER of 0.092 and 0.066, for the two models respectively. The hybrid model we propose, which combines these two convolutional neural networks, outperforms the constituents, in case both images arise from the same device type, but not necessarily so otherwise, obtaining a AUROC of 0.986 and EER of 0.053. We also benchmark our performance on the standard VISOB database, where we outperform the state of the art methods, achieving a TPR of 99.5% at a FPR of 0.001%. Given the robustness and significant performance of our methodology, our system can be used in practical applications with minimal error.	 Ocular biometrics; Convolutional neural networks; Iris based recognition; Periocular images; Smartphone biometrics.	###
J1628304766	Photoelectron spectroscopy study of the electronic structures at CoPc/Bi(111) interface	Self-assembly of functional molecules on solid substrate has been recognized as an appealing approach for the fabrication of diverse nanostructures for nanoelectronics. Herein, we investigate the growth of cobalt phthalocyanine (CoPc) on a Bi(111) surface with focus on the interface electronic structures utilizing photoelectron spectroscopy. While charge transfer from bismuth substrate to the molecule results in the emergence of an interface component in the Co 3p core level at lower binding energy, core-levels associated to the molecular ligand (C 1s and N 1s) are less influenced by the adsorption. In addition, density functional theory (DFT) calculations also support the empirical inference that the molecule-substrate interaction mainly involves the out-of-plane empty Co 3d orbital and bismuth states. Finally, valence band spectra demonstrate the molecule-substrate interaction is induced by interface charge transfer, agreeing well with core level measurements. Charge transfer is shown to be mainly from the underlying bismuth substrate to the empty states located at the central Co atom in the CoPc molecules. This report may provide a fundamental basis to the on-surface engineering of interfaces for molecular devices and spintronics.	 Photoemission spectroscopy; Electronic structure; CoPc; Bi(111);.	###
J164443346X	Regulation and function of interleukin-36 cytokines	The interleukin (IL)-36 cytokines include 3 agonists, IL-36_a, IL-36_b, and IL-36_g that bind to a common receptor composed of IL-36R and IL-1RAcP to stimulate inflammatory responses. IL-36Ra is a natural antagonist that binds to IL-36R, but does not recruit the co-receptor IL-1RAcP and does not stimulate any intracellular responses. The IL-36 cytokines are expressed predominantly by epithelial cells and act on a number of cells including immune cells, epithelial cells, and fibroblasts. Processing of the N-terminus is required for full agonist or antagonist activity for all IL-36 members. The role of IL-36 has been extensively demonstrated in the skin where it can act on keratinocytes and immune cells to induce a robust inflammatory response that has been implicated in psoriatic disorders. Emerging data also suggest a role for this cytokine family in pulmonary and intestinal physiology and pathology.	 IL-1 family; inflammation; intestine; lung;.	###
J16464734225	Magneto-elastic oscillations modulating the emission of magnetars	Magneto-elastic oscillations of neutron stars are believed to explain the observed quasi-periodic oscillations (QPOs) in the decaying tail of the giant flares of highly magnetized neutron stars (magnetars). Strong efforts by theoretical modeling from different groups have increased our understanding of this phenomenon significantly. Here we discuss some constraints on the matter in neutron stars that arise if the interpretation of the observations in terms of superfluid magneto-elastic oscillations is correct. To explain the observed modulation of the light curve of the giant flare, we describe a model that allows the QPOs to couple to the stellar exterior through the magnetic field. In this magnetosphere, the shaking magnetic field induces currents that provide scattering targets for resonant cyclotron scattering of photons, which is calculated with a Monte Carlo approach and coupled to a code that calculates the momentum distribution of the charge carriers as a one-dimensional accelerator problem. We show first results of a simplified, but self-consistent momentum distribution, that is a water-bag distribution, and the corresponding spectra.	 stars: neutron; stars: oscillations (including pulsations); stars: flare; magnetohydrodynamics.	###
J16124445928	Ultrasonic-assisted synthesis of polyvinyl alcohol/phytic acid polymer film and its thermal stability, mechanical properties and surface resistivity	Abstract In this paper, polyvinyl alcohol/phytic acid polymer (PVA/PA polymer) was synthesized through esterification reaction of PVA and PA in the case of acidity and ultrasound irradiation and characterized, and PVA/PA polymer film was prepared by PVA/PA polymer and characterized, and the influence of dosage of PA on the thermal stability, mechanical properties and surface resistivity of PVA/PA polymer film were researched, and the influence of sonication time on the mechanical properties of PVA/PA polymer film was investigated. Based on those, it was concluded that the hydroxyl group on the chain of PVA and the phosphonic group on PA were connected together in the form of phosphonate bond, and the hydroxyl group on the chain of PVA were connected together in the form of ether bond after the intermolecular dehydration; in the meantime, it was also confirmed that PVA/PA polymer film prepared from 1.20 mL of PA not only had the high thermal stability and favorable ductility but also the low surface resistivity in comparison with PVA/PA polymer film with 0.00 mL of PA, and the ductility of PVA/PA polymer film was very sensitive to the sonication time.	 PVA/PA polymer; PVA/PA polymer film; Mechanical properties; Sonication.	###
J17490488202	A method of determination of electrical conduction mechanisms in complex amorphous materials	A novel approach to determine conduction mechanisms in complex amorphous materials was presented and tested on a real system. In the first step of the presented method, total electrical admittance of the material is analyzed in order to separate a couple of processes, each of which can be described by Jonscher's universal dielectric response. In the following step, a temperature dependence of dielectric response parameters of the processes is determined and compared with known models of conduction mechanisms in structural amorphous materials. Using this approach, a presence of two different conduction mechanisms describing electrical conductivity in a two-phase glass was described.	 Impedance spectroscopy; Glass; Polaron hopping; Admittance; Electrical properties.	###
J1593262973	Age-related prenatal maternal effects and postnatal breeding experience have different influences on nestling development in an altricial passerine	Reproductive success and nestling performance are related to the age of parents across several vertebrate taxa. However, because breeding experience and prenatal maternal investment in reproduction often covary, the source of these age-related differences can be difficult to determine. In this study, we evaluated the influence of prenatal maternal effects and postnatal breeding experience on the performance of nestling tree swallows Tachycineta bicolor by conducting a carefully controlled partial cross-fostering experiment. We swapped half-broods of nestlings between the nest of a young first-time breeding female and the nest of a female known to have previously raised and fledged young. Our manipulation did not influence the within-brood nestling hierarchies, and controlled for the effects of egg laying order. We found that nestlings of older females were heavier just prior to fledging regardless of the breeding experience of the attending female. In addition, fledglings raised by experienced females grew their flight feathers faster, and had greater probability of fledging. Our study demonstrates that prenatal investment in reproduction by older females can have long-term consequences on nestling mass, and suggests limited potential for compensatory mass gains prior to fledging. Because our analyses controlled for feeding rates, our results also suggest that foraging quantity and quality are not the only benefits nestlings gain by being raised by an experienced female.		###
J1652324259	Improving root separation bounds	Let f be a polynomial (or polynomial system) with all simple roots. The root separation of f is the minimum of the pair-wise distances between the complex roots. A root separation bound is a lower bound on the root separation. Finding a root separation bound is a fundamental problem, arising in numerous disciplines. We present two new root separation bounds: one univariate bound, and one multivariate bound. The new bounds improve on the old bounds in two ways: (1) The new bounds are usually significantly bigger (hence better) than the previous bounds. (2) The new bounds scale correctly, unlike the previous bounds. Crucially, the new bounds are not harder to compute than the previous bounds.	 Root separation bounds; Polynomial roots; Polynomial.	###
J16073492622	Effects of electron-phonon interactions on the spin-dependent Seebeck effect in graphene nanoribbons	Abstract Based on the nonequilibrium Green's function and density functional theory, a method to investigate the spin-dependent Seebeck effect (SDSE) with consideration of inelastic transport processes is presented. Results show that phonons with lower vibration energy may have more possibilities to contribute thermal drive inelastic currents and affect the SDSE properties. Consideration of inelastic processes may show both promotive or restrictive corrections to the SDSE properties. A sample calculation in graphene nanoribbons shows that the inelastic processes may contribute approximately two times the elastic current and will promote the SDSE of this sample device. We see that the main source of the large inelastic currents is coupling to the in-plane breathing mode. These results may be helpful for understanding of the physical process underlying the SDSE.		###
J1754386792	Antimicrobial resistance and pulsed-field gel electrophoresis typing of Vibrio parahaemolyticus isolated from shrimp mariculture environment along the east coast of China	Environmental antimicrobial resistance (AMR) has drawn increasing attention due to its great risk to human health. The aim of this study was to investigate AMR and genotyping of Vibrio parahaemolyticus isolates (n__=__114) recovered from shrimp mariculture environment in China. The isolates exhibited a high rate of resistance to streptomycin (78.9%), ampicillin (64.9%) and gentamicin (53.5%). Furthermore, multi-drug resistance was highly prevalent (61.4%), in which 95.9% of these ampicillin-resistant isolates were primarily mediated by bla[CARB-17]. Surprisingly, doxycylcine, florfenicol, and trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole (TMP/SMZ) resistance genes occurred in susceptible isolates. Moreover, 114 isolates were grouped into unique pulsed field gel electrophoresis patterns. These findings suggest the need for the prudent use of antimicrobial agents on mariculture farms, in order to control the dissemination of antimicrobial resistant V. parahaemolyticus.	 ; Antimicrobial resistance; PFGE; Food safety; Mariculture.	###
J1625831X14	Phreatic activity and hydrothermal alteration in the Valley of Desolation, Dominica, Lesser Antilles	Phreatic eruptions are possibly the most dramatic surface expressions of hydrothermal activity, and they remain poorly understood. The near absence of precursory signals makes phreatic eruptions unpredictable with respect to both time and magnitude. The Valley of Desolation (VoD), Dominica, located close to the Boiling Lake, the second largest high-temperature volcanic crater lake in the world, hosts vigorous hydrothermal activity with hot springs, mud pools, fumaroles, and steaming ground. A phreatic or phreatomagmatic eruption from this site is considered to be the most likely scenario for future volcanic activity on Dominica. Yet there is little information regarding the trigger mechanisms and eruption processes of explosive events at this active hydrothermal center, and only a very small number of studies have investigated hydrothermal activity in the VoD. We therefore conducted two field campaigns in the VoD to map hydrothermal activity and its surficial phenomena. We also investigated alteration processes and their effects on degassing and phreatic eruption processes. We collected in situ petrophysical properties of clay-rich unconsolidated samples, and together with consolidated rock samples, we investigated the range of supergene and hydrothermal alteration in the laboratory. In addition, we performed rapid decompression experiments on unconsolidated soil samples. Our results show that alteration leads to an increasing abundance of clay minerals and a decrease in both strength and permeability of the rocks. In the immediate vicinity of degassing acid-sulfate fluids, advanced argillic alteration yields a mineral zoning which is influenced by meteoric water. The water-saturated basal zone is dominated by kaolinite run 0whereas alunite formation is favored at and above the groundwater table where atmospheric oxidation of H[2]S to H[2]SO[4] occurs (e.g., steam-heated alteration). Alteration effects may in turn inhibit degassing at the surface, increasing the potential for pressurization in the subsurface and thus lead to phreatic eruptions. Rapid decompression experiments, together with ballistic trajectory calculations, constrain estimates of the conditions prior to the 1997 small-scale phreatic event in the VoD. The results presented here may serve as a contribution to the understanding of the hazard potential of ongoing hydrothermal activity within the VoD. On a broader perspective, our results will help evaluate hydrothermal activity in similar areas worldwide which might also have the potential for phreatic eruptions, for instance Poas (Costa Rica) or Tongariro and Waimangu (New Zealand).	 Phreatic eruption, Valley of Desolation, Hydrothermal alteration, Degassing,.	###
J1616644X392	Comparison of Compression-After-Impact and Flexure-After-Impact protocols for 2D and 3D woven fiber-reinforced composites	Post-impact mechanical response of 2D and 3D woven glass/epoxy composite plates and beams of equivalent areal density are evaluated using both Compression-After-Impact (CAI) and Flexure-After-Impact (FAI) testing protocols. Residual strength and stiffness for CAI and FAI are compared after normalization of impact energy with respect to specimen volume. Post-impact flexural strength and modulus from FAI testing exhibit larger reductions with respect to impact energy in comparison to CAI results. At the largest impact energies tested, FAI testing yields 70% reduction in flexural strength compared to only 20% reduction (in compressive strength). Architecturally, 3D woven composites retain greater post-impact mechanical performance as a result of the through-thickness Z-tow which suppresses delamination growth and opening during impact.	 Compression after impact; Impact behavior; Delamination; Mechanical.	###
J16627110527	Natural convection analysis employing entropy generation and heatline visualization in a hollow L-shaped cavity filled with nanofluid using lattice Boltzmann method- experimental thermo-physical properties	The natural convection heat transfer and fluid flow is analyzed using lattice Boltzmann numerical method. The entropy generation analysis and heatline visualization are used to study the convective flow field comprehensively. The hollow L-shaped cavity is considered and filled with SiO2-TiO2/Water-EG (60:40) hybrid nanofluid. The thermal conductivity and dynamic viscosity of nanofluid are measured experimentally. To use the experimental data of thermal conductivity and dynamic viscosity, two sets of correlations based on temperature for six different solid volume fractions of 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2, 2.5 and 3 vol% are derived. The influences of different governing parameters such different aspect ratios, solid volume fractions of nanofluid and Rayleigh numbers on the fluid flow, temperature filed, average/local Nusselt number, total/local entropy generation and heatlines are presented.	 Lattice Boltzmann simulation; Natural convection; Entropy generation; Heatline visualization; Hollow L-shaped.	###
J1702368599	Demonstrating Library Impact Through Acknowledgment: An Examination of Acknowledgments in Theses and Dissertations	Academic libraries are increasingly seeking ways to demonstrate their impact on student learning. Acknowledgments - formal statements of indebtedness - in graduate theses and dissertations provide a rather unexplored area for demonstrating impact of the academic library on student learning. This study uses quantitative and qualitative methods to characterize acknowledgments of the Texas A&M University Libraries (TAMU Libraries) in theses and dissertations, both overall and for three disciplines specifically: civil engineering, geography, and history. This study also searched for mentions of the TAMU Libraries throughout the entire body of theses and dissertations. Overall, acknowledgments to the TAMU Libraries in theses and dissertations were less than 1%, though acknowledgments were found in all three disciplines with over a quarter of the history theses and dissertations containing an acknowledgment to libraries. There was no statistically significant difference found between the numbers of acknowledgments in theses versus dissertations. Acknowledgments to the TAMU Libraries were found in the theses and dissertations of 28 different departments. Mentions to the TAMU Libraries - not necessarily a formal acknowledgment - were found throughout the text of theses and dissertations with most concentrated in the acknowledgment, method, and bibliography sections.	 Acknowledgments; Doctoral dissertations; Graduate students; Masters theses; Outcome measures; Scholarly.	###
J17428553322	Modality-Specific Cross-Modal Similarity Measurement With Recurrent Attention Network	Nowadays, cross-modal retrieval plays an important role to flexibly find useful information across different modalities of data. Effectively measuring the similarity between different modalities of data is the key of cross-modal retrieval. Different modalities, such as image and text, have imbalanced and complementary relationship, and they contain unequal amount of information when describing the same semantics. For example, images often contain more details that cannot be demonstrated by textual descriptions and vice versa. Existing works based on deep neural network mostly construct one common space for different modalities, to find the latent alignments between them, which lose their exclusive modality-specific characteristics. Therefore, we propose modality-specific cross-modal similarity measurement approach by constructing the independent semantic space for each modality, which adopts an end-to-end framework to directly generate the modality-specific cross-modal similarity without explicit common representation. For each semantic space, modality-specific characteristics within one modality are fully exploited by recurrent attention network, while the data of another modality is projected into this space with attention based joint embedding, which utilizes the learned attention weights for guiding the fine-grained cross-modal correlation learning, and captures the imbalanced and complementary relationship between different modalities. Finally, the complementarity between the semantic spaces for different modalities is explored by adaptive fusion of the modality-specific cross-modal similarities to perform the cross-modal retrieval. Experiments on the widely used Wikipedia, Pascal Sentence, and MS-COCO data sets as well as our constructed large-scale XMediaNet data set verify the effectiveness of our proposed approach, outperforming nine state-of-the-art methods	 information retrieval; learning (artificial intelligence); natural language processing; recurrent neural nets; text analysis; recurrent attention network; cross-modal retrieval; exclusive modality-specific characteristics; modality-specific cross-modal.	###
J1790970598	Adjustable Magnetic Phase Transition Inducing Unusual Zero Thermal Expansion in Cubic RCo[2]-Based Intermetallic Compounds (R = Rare Earth)	Metallic materials that exhibit negligible thermal expansion or zero thermal expansion (ZTE) have great merit for practical applications, but these materials are rare and their thermal expansions are difficult to control. Here, we successfully tailored the thermal expansion behaviors from strongly but abruptly negative to zero over wide temperature ranges in a series of (Gd,R)(Co,Fe)[2] (R = Dy, Ho, Er) intermetallic compounds by tuning the composition to bring the first-order magnetic phase transition to second-order. Interestingly, an unusual isotropic ZTE property with a coefficient of thermal expansion of _a[l] = 0.16(0) _* 10{-6} K{-1} was achieved in cubic Gd[0.25]Dy[0.75]Co[1.93]Fe[0.07] (GDCF) in the temperature range of 10-275 K. The short-wavelength neutron powder diffraction, synchrotron X-ray diffraction, and magnetic measurement studies evidence that this ZTE behavior was ascribed to the rare-earth-moment-dominated spontaneous volume magnetostriction, which can be controlled by an adjustable magnetic phase transition. The present work extends the scope of the ZTE family and provides an effective approach to exploring ZTE materials, such as by adjusting the magnetism or ferroelectricity-related phase transition in the family of functional materials.		###
J15062705122	Consolidation and Drainage Characteristics of Expansive Soil Stabilized with Fly Ash and Dolochar	Expansive soils undergo alternate swelling and shrinkage due to cyclic wetting and drying when left to nature. This property of Expansive soil affects its strength and stiffness characteristics thereby causing damage and distress to structures built on them. Industrial wastes can be added scientifically to these soils in modifying and reducing their swelling and shrinkage behaviour and increasing their strength and stiffness. In this technical article, an attempt has been made to study the compressibility and drainage characteristics of these soils using economic and ecofriendly industrial wastes such as Fly Ash and Dolochar as stabilizers. This paper also focuses on many other improved engineering properties of base soil like liquid limit, plasticity index, differential free swell, compaction and consolidation characteristics of Expansive (BC) soil stabilized with Fly Ash and Dolochar in different proportions. The virgin Expansive soil has been collected from eastern part of India (Odisha) and different percentages of Fly Ash (5, 10, 15, 20, 25 and 30%) and Dolochar (5, 10, 15, 20, 25 and 30%) were added to it, to predict the influence of these additives on compaction and consolidation characteristics of Expansive soil. Addition of both Fly Ash and Dolochar were found to decrease the index properties such as liquid limit, plastic limit, plasticity index, swelling index and enhancing the consolidation as well as drainage characteristics of Expansive soil. However, the maximum dry density of soil was found to decrease with addition of Fly Ash and increase with addition of Dolochar.		###
J1650089732	The effect of indentation sequence on rock breakages: A study based on laboratory and numerical tests	Rock may response differently to external loads applied in different sequences. Thus, we conducted indentation tests to investigate the effect of the indentation sequence on rock breakages. Sequential indentations, consuming less indentation energy, usually resulted in larger and deeper grooves and then led to lower specific energies. Thus, we conclude that sequential indentations occur instead of simultaneous indentations form larger grooves with the same indentation energy. To further validate this conclusion, we performed a series of numerical tests. The numerical analysis of stress evolution shows that, for simultaneous indentations, the propagation of an internal crack from an inner rim restrained the propagation of the other internal crack from the other inner rim. However, the chipping pattern varied for sequential indentations. In the first indentation process, an internal crack, initiating from an inner rim, is usually connected with an internal crack caused by the second indentation. The deflection angles of the internal cracks for the sequential indentations were smaller because of the lower compressive stress in the horizontal direction. Then, these smaller deflection angles led to larger chips.	 Indentation sequence; Crack propagation; Stress evolution; Indentation.	###
J1701273X189	Mitigation of crosstalk based on CSO-ICA in free space orbital angular momentum multiplexing systems	Orbital angular momentum (OAM) multiplexing has caused a lot of concerns and researches in recent years because of its great spectral efficiency and many OAM systems in free space channel have been demonstrated. However, due to the existence of atmospheric turbulence, the power of OAM beams will diffuse to beams with neighboring topological charges and inter-mode crosstalk will emerge in these systems, resulting in the system nonavailability in severe cases. In this paper, we introduced independent component analysis (ICA), which is known as a popular method of signal separation, to mitigate inter-mode crosstalk effects; furthermore, aiming at the shortcomings of traditional ICA algorithm's fixed iteration speed, we proposed a joint algorithm, CSO-ICA, to improve the process of solving the separation matrix by taking advantage of fast convergence rate and high convergence precision of chicken swarm algorithm (CSO). We can get the optimal separation matrix by adjusting the step size according to the last iteration in CSO-ICA. Simulation results indicate that the proposed algorithm has a good performance in inter-mode crosstalk mitigation and the optical signal-to-noise ratio (OSNR) requirement of received signals (OAM+2, OAM+4, OAM+6, OAM+8) is reduced about 3.2 dB at bit error ratio (BER) of 3.8 _* 10{_-3}. Meanwhile, the convergence speed is much faster than the traditional ICA algorithm by improving about an order of iteration times.	 Orbital angular momentum multiplexing; Free space; Inter-mode crosstalk; Independent component analysis; Chicken swarm.	###
J1651345X757	Gold-Catalyzed Controllable C2-Functionalization of Benzofurans with Aryl Diazoesters	A ligand-controlled gold-catalyzed chemoselective C2-functionalization of benzofuran substrates with aryl diazoesters has been developed. The use of IPrAu(PhCN)BAr[F] provides unprecedented dearomatization products bearing a newly formed carbon-carbon double bond at the C2 position of benzofurans. In contrast, the C2-alkylation products have been isolated as the major products for phosphite gold catalysis.		###
J17248709286	Early to middle Cenozoic paleoenvironment and erosion estimates of the southwestern Barents Sea: Insights from a regional mass-balance approach	The Cenozoic pre-glacial development of the southwestern Barents Sea is discussed, with focus on the early to middle Cenozoic net erosion that was poorly constrained. From 2D and 3D seismic mapping, the western Barents Sea continental margin development shows a complex history of structural configuration of highs and basins related to the Greenland and Eurasian plate movement and subsequent seafloor spreading in the Norwegian-Greenland Sea. Our subdivision of the Sorvestsnaget Basin allows for a closer focus on the tectonostratigraphic development in an overall transtensional setting. To the west, the lower to middle Cenozoic sediments are observed to be systematically overlying the oceanic crust in the Lofoten Basin in accordance to the progressive seafloor's opening. Based on interpretation of five seismic units including sediment progradation (clinoforms) as well as lithology information from exploration wells, the paleoenvironments for the Paleocene, Eocene, Oligocene, and Neogene periods were reconstructed. The mass-balance approach has then been used to quantify the corresponding erosion of the southwestern Barents Sea source area. The Stappen High, the Loppa High, and part of mainland Northern Norway are proposed as the key drainage areas covering a combined area of 191,500 to 334,000__km{2}, depending on the location of its eastern limit. Our result shows that an average net erosion of 858-1362__m and an average erosion rate of 0.014-0.021__m/k.y have characterized the Cenozoic pre-glacial period. The calculated sediment discharge is 8.7___*__10{6}__t/y and the sediment yield is 26.2-45.7__t/km{2}/y. Comparison with present-day fluvial systems shows a similar rate of sediment discharge suggesting that our estimates are reasonable. The pre-glacial sedimentation rate is estimated to be 0.026-0.071__m/k.y, which is on average one order of magnitude lower than for the preceding glacial period characterizing this area.	 Southwestern Barents sea; Uplift and erosion; Cenozoic evolution; Paleoenvironment; Norwegian.	###
J1567046251X	A new photon source for ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy of organic and other damage-prone materials	Abstract Accurate measurements of the valence electronic structures of organic semiconductors are important for the development and understanding of organic electronic devices, materials, and interfaces. Ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy (UPS) is a well-established technique for probing valence electronic structures; however, many organic semiconductors undergo rapid sample degradation upon exposure to traditional laboratory-based vacuum ultraviolet (VUV) photon sources. Here, we report on a novel VUV photon source for UPS measurements that utilizes H Lyman-_a emission with a narrow linewidth and a widely tunable intensity, and apply it to a number of organic materials of interest to show its ability to overcome this hurdle of sample degradation. Furthermore, the H Lyman-_a source displays no measureable higher energy emission lines, which significantly reduces the background over typical He I discharge sources and allows for the onset of the density of states to be clearly observed over several orders of magnitude.	 Ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy; Organic semiconductor; Electronic structure; NPD;.	###
J16166210295	Norcantharidin induces mitochondrial-dependent apoptosis through Mcl-1 inhibition in human prostate cancer cells	Norcantharidin (NCTD) is the demethylated form of cantharidin that exhibits anticancer potential in many cancer cell types. Recent reports suggest that NCTD targeting ROS/AMPK and DNA replication signaling pathway could be an effective strategy for the treatment of PCa cells. However, supportive evidence is limited to the effect of NCTD that induction of apoptosis through suppression of the Mcl-1. Here, we show that NCTD induced PCa cell apoptosis and triggered caspase activation, which was associated with mitochondria dysfunction. Mechanistic investigations suggested that NCTD modulated the Akt signaling via increased nuclear translocation and interaction with the myeloid cell leukemia-1 (Mcl-1) promoter by FOXO4, resulting in an apoptotic effect. Moreover, miR-320d, which targets Mcl-1, was significantly upregulated after NCTD treatment. Overexpression of miR-320d by NCTD induced mitochondria dysfunction and apoptosis, which was notably attenuated with a miR-320d inhibitor. In vivo xenograft analysis revealed that NCTD significantly reduced tumor growth in mice with PC3 tumor xenografts. Taken together, our results provide new insights into the critical role of NCTD in suppressing Mcl-1 via epigenetic upregulation of miR-320d, resulting in PCa cell apoptosis.	 Norcantharidin; Apoptosis; Prostate cancer cells; miR-320d; Myeloid cell leukemia-1; Mitochondria.	###
J1474308375X	Changes and characteristics of dissolved organic matter in a constructed wetland system using fluorescence spectroscopy	Domestic wastewater was treated by five constructed wetland beds in series. Dissolved organic matter (DOM) collected from influent and effluent samples from the constructed wetland was investigated using fluorescence spectroscopy combined with fluorescence regional integration (FRI), parallel factor (PARAFAC) analysis, and two-dimensional correlation spectroscopy (2D-COS). This study evaluates the capability of these methods in detecting the spectral characteristics of fluorescent DOM fractions and their changes in constructed wetlands. Fluorescence excitation-emission matrix (EEM) combined with FRI analysis showed that protein-like materials displayed a higher removal ratio compared to humic-like substances. The PARAFAC analysis of wastewater DOM indicated that six fluorescent components, i.e., two protein-like substances (C1 and C6), three humic-like substances (C2, C3 and C5), and one non-humic component (C4), could be identified. Tryptophan-like C1 was the dominant component in the influent DOM. The removal ratios of six fluorescent components (C1-C6) were 56.21, 32.05, 49.19, 39.90, 29.60, and 45.87%, respectively, after the constructed wetland treatment. Furthermore, 2D-COS demonstrated that the sequencing of spectral changes for fluorescent DOM followed the order 298 nm _! 403 nm _! 283 nm (310-360 nm) in the constructed wetland, suggesting that the peak at 298 nm is associated with preferential tryptophan fluorescence removal. Variation of the fluorescence index (FI) and the ratio of fluorescence components indicated that the constructed wetland treatment resulted in the decrease of fluorescent organic pollutant with increasing the humification and chemical stability of the DOM.		###
J16259634206	Triplet-induced degradation: An important consideration in the design of solution-processed hole injection materials for organic light-emitting devices	Solution-processed organic light-emitting devices (OLEDs) still require improvements in their operational lifetime in order for them to become commercially viable. One factor that limits the lifetime of these devices is the instability of the hole injection layer (HIL). Therefore, understanding its degradation mechanism is crucial for the development of more stable solution-processed OLEDs. In this work, we use an archetypal fluorescent OLED in conjunction with an experimental solution-processed HIL in order to elucidate the degradation mechanism in these HILs. Our studies show that degradation is caused by triplet excitons. This new triplet-induced hole injection degradation is expected to be a common phenomenon in OLEDs, and therefore should have important implications for the design of stable HILs.	 Triplet excitons; OLED; Degradation mechanism; Solution-processed; Hole injection.	###
J15901065448	Hybrid cold and hot-wall reaction chamber for the rapid synthesis of uniform graphene	Abstract We introduce a novel modality in the CVD growth of graphene which combines cold-wall and hot-wall reaction chambers. This hybrid mode preserves the advantages of a cold-wall chamber such as fast growth and low power consumption, while boosting the quality of growth, similar now to conventional CVD with in hot-wall chambers. The synthesized graphene forms a uniform monolayer. Electronic transport measurements indicate significant improvement in charge carrier mobility compared to graphene synthesized in a cold-wall reaction chamber. Our results promise the development of a fast and cost-efficient growth of high quality graphene, suitable for scalable industrial applications.		###
J1651339559X	Photolysis of Tertiary Amines in the Presence of CO[2]: The Paths to Formic Acid, _a-Amino Acids, and 1,2-Diamines	"The photolysis of triethylamine (1a) in the presence of carbon dioxide leads to the hydrogenation of CO[2], the _a-C-C coupling of 1a, and the CO[2] insertion into the _a-C-H _s-bond of amine 1a. This reaction is proposed to proceed through the radical ion pair _(R[3]N{~x+}~xCO[2]{~x-}_) generated by the photoionization of amine 1a and the electron capture by CO[2]. The presence of lithium tetrafluoroborate in the reaction medium promotes the efficient and stereoselective _a-C-C coupling of 1a by enhancing the production of _a-dialkylamino radicals and the isomerization of N,N,N_"",N_""-tetraethylbutane-2,3-diamine (4a)."		###
J15604079266	Investigations on electronic, Fermi surface, Curie temperature and optical properties of Zr[2]CoAl	Abstract Using full-potential local-orbital minimum-basis along with spin-polarized relativistic Korringa-Kohn-Rostoker methods, we study the electronic, Fermi surface, Curie temperature and optical properties of Zr[2]CoAl alloy. The alloy with Li[2]AgSb and Cu[2]MnAl structures are compared in terms of magnetic properties, and the electronic structures in two structures are also discussed. According to the calculated electronic states, it finds that the Zr[2]CoAl with Li[2]AgSb structure is half-metallic ferromagnet with an integral magnetic moment of 2.00_m[B], meanwhile we also notice the d-d and p-d hybridizations are responsible for the formation of minority-spin gap, furthermore, the fat-bands are applied to discuss the mixture between d and p electrons in the vicinity of the Fermi level. The Fermi surfaces related to the valence bands are constructed, and it is found that the spin-up valence bands 26, 27 and 28 across the Fermi energy dominate the nature of electrons. By mapping the system onto a Heisenberg Hamiltonian, we obtain the exchange coupling parameters, and observe that the Zr(A)-Co(C) and Zr(A)-Zr(B) interactions provide a major contribution for exchange interactions. Based on the calculated exchange coupling parameters, the Curie temperature is estimated to be 287.86 K at equilibrium, and also the dependence of Curie temperature on lattice constant related to the tunable Curie temperature in Zr[2]CoAl alloy is studied. Finally, we report the optical properties of Zr[2]CoAl alloy, and present the photon energy dependence of the absorption, the optical conductivity and the loss function.	 Heusler alloys; Density of states; Fermi surface; Curie temperature; Optical.	###
J15596408235	Spatial and spectral super-channel optical packet switching system for multigranular SDM-WDM optical networks	Novel optical networking technologies are necessary to efficiently utilize the huge transmission capacity of spatial division multiplexing wavelength division multiplexing (SDM-WDM) optical networks. In this paper, we propose a joint spatial super-channel optical packet switching (OPS) scheme that increases the granularity of SDM-WDM optical networks. This joint switching concept simplifies the hardware of an OPS system. We experimentally investigate a 100 Gb/s spatial-spectral super-channel OPS system and present the preliminary results of the demonstration showing error-free switching operation. Finally, we discuss the benefits of this scheme in terms of the number of devices and the influence of the propagation time deviation between multiple optical payloads of a spatial super-channel optical packet from the viewpoint of the bandwidth utilization efficiency on the system	 optical fibre networks; packet switching; space division multiplexing; telecommunication channels; wavelength division multiplexing; bandwidth utilization efficiency; bit rate 100 Gbit/s; error-free switching operation; multigranular SDM-WDM optical.	###
J1500604X98	Effects of the ectoparasite Caligus rogercresseyi on Salmo salar blood parameters under farm conditions	Between 2006 and 2009, the Chilean salmon industry suffered a major sanitary crisis caused by outbreaks of infectious salmon anemia virus and Caligus rogercresseyi. Additionally, Piscirickettsia salmonis, the causative agent of piscirickettsiosis, and the parasite C. rogercresseyi continue to impact the salmon industry. This study evaluates the effects of both C. rogercresseyi infestation and P. salmonis infection concurrently on the blood parameters of Salmo salar (Atlantic salmon) under field conditions, providing an estimated parasite threshold at which the least impact occurs on host physiology. The presence of P. salmonis and C. rogercresseyi increased S. salar hematocrit, plasma glucose, and pCO[2] levels but decreased hemoglobin and pO[2] levels. Significant threshold values of parasite abundances were estimated for glucose, hematocrit, hemoglobin, and lymphocytes. This is the first study to evaluate the effects of C. rogercresseyi on S. salar physiology and to provide estimated abundance threshold values under farm conditions. Although the threshold estimations will likely be of great value for surveillance and control programs, they are an initial approximation that requires further confirmation. The prevalence of C. rogercresseyi and P. salmonis in Chilean salmon farms necessitates further research on the development and establishment of on-farm pathogen indicators.The manuscript is the first study of C. rogercresseyi effects on S. salar blood parameters on farm conditions, with an estimation of abundances thresholds values. This information is of great relevance in an integrated pest management program and S. salar welfare.	 Physiological response; Caligus rogercresseyi; On-farm infestation; Salmo.	###
J1776133320X	Drought and Famine in India, 1870-2016	Millions of people died due to famines in India in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries; however, the relationship of historical famines with drought is complicated and not well understood. Using station-based observations and simulations, we reconstruct soil moisture (agricultural) drought in India for the period 1870-2016. We show that over this century and a half period, India experienced seven major drought periods (1876-1882, 1895-1900, 1908-1924, 1937-1945, 1982-1990, 1997-2004, and 2011-2015) based on severity-area-duration analysis of reconstructed soil moisture. Out of six major famines (1873-74, 1876, 1877, 1896-97, 1899, and 1943) that occurred during 1870-2016, five are linked to soil moisture drought, and one (1943) was not. The three most deadly droughts (1877, 1896, and 1899) were linked with the positive phase of El Ni~6no-Southern Oscillation. Five major droughts were not linked with famine, and three of those five nonfamine droughts occurred after Indian independence in 1947.	 drought; India; famine; food security; VIC; soil moisture.	###
J16224415354	Stabilization of linear systems with both input and state delays by observer-predictors	This paper studies the stabilization of linear systems with both state and input delays where the input delay can be arbitrarily large yet exactly known. Observer-predictor based controllers are designed to predict the future states so that the input delay can be properly compensated. Necessary and sufficient conditions guaranteeing the stability of the closed-loop system are provided in terms of the stability of some simple linear time-delay systems refereed to as observer-error systems, by which the separation principle is discovered. Moreover, approaches in terms of linear matrix inequalities are also provided to design both the state feedback gains and observer gains. Finally, a numerical example illustrates that the proposed approaches are more effective and safe to implement than the existing methods.	 observer-predictor feedback; Time delays; Separation principle;.	###
J1607365499	Palladium-catalyzed arylation/cyclization/desulfonation cascades toward 4-aryl quinolin-2(1H)-ones with diaryliodonium salts	Abstract Palladium-catalyzed cascades of arylation/cyclization/desulfonation of ortho-aminocinnamate esters by using diaryliodonium salts afforded a wide range of 4-aryl quinolin-2(1H)-ones. As such, the desired 4-aryl quinolin-2(1H)-ones with potential biological activity has been synthesized in the yields of 34-96%.	 Arylation; Cyclization; Diaryliodonium salt; 4-Aryl.	###
J1785496X11X	Electrochemical Fluoroalkynylation of Aryl Alkenes with Fluoride Ions and Alkynyltrifluoroborate Salts	An electrochemical fluoroalkynylation reaction of aryl alkenes has been developed using fluoride ions and alkynyltrifluoroborate salts as the source of functional groups. The electric-powered vicinal alkene difunctionalization reactions add a fluorine and an alkynyl group across the alkene regioselectively without the need for transition-metal catalysts and oxidizing reagents.	 electrochemistry; fluoride ions; organotrifluoroborate; alkene difunctionalization; alkene.	###
J1652299874	Characterization of novel blast-furnace slag cement pastes and mortars activated with a reactive mixture of MgO-NaOH	This paper reports results of strength and reaction products of blast-furnace slag cements activated using a mixture of MgO-NaOH with a ratio 50/50 incorporated at 4, 6 and 8% relative to the slag mass. Pastes and mortars were prepared and cured at 20_0C and 60_0C-24__h-20_0C up to 90__days. The results indicated that the combination of MgO-NaOH acts as an effective alkaline activator of the slag, as samples cured at 20_0C developed 54__MPa at 90__days, while those at 60_0C-24__h-20_0C had a rapid strength gain at early ages but in the long run strengths of ~/42__MPa at 90__days were observed. The microstructures consisted of (C-(A)-S-H), third aluminate hydrates and hydrotalcite. The formation of the latter increased at higher MgO:NaOH concentration lowering the Al uptake by C-S-H. MgO and Mg(OH)[2] were not detected, indicating an effective incorporation of Mg{2+} ions into the atomic structure of the reaction products.		###
J16124585185	Structural, morphological and optical properties of ZnO films by thermal oxidation of ZnSe films	Abstract In this work, zinc oxide (ZnO) thin films were synthesized by thermal oxidation of zinc selenide films in oxygen atmosphere without introducing any catalysts or additives. According to the X-ray diffraction and morphology analysis, the ZnO films were hexagonal wurtzite structure, indicating the high crystalline quality. Strong emission peak at around 370 nm (ultraviolet) and weak emission peak at 525 nm (green) were observed in the photoluminescence spectra. The dependence of photoluminescence intensity on annealing conditions was investigated in the experiment. With the increase of annealing temperature and time, the photoluminescence intensity reached a peak at 450_0C for 45 min in oxygen, which was considered to be the optimal condition.	 Zinc selenide; Zinc oxide; Thermal oxidation; Thin films;.	###
J1651329826	Commercial Applications for Enzyme-Mediated Protein Conjugation: New Developments in Enzymatic Processes to Deliver Functionalized Proteins on the Commercial Scale	The field of protein conjugation most commonly refers to the chemical, enzymatic, or chemoenzymatic formation of new covalent bonds between two polypeptides, or between a single polypeptide and a new molecule (polymer, small molecule, nucleic acid, carbohydrate, etc.). Due to the modest selectivity of chemical methods for protein conjugation, there are increased efforts to develop biocatalysts that confer regioselectivity for site-specific modification, thereby complementing the existing toolbox of chemical conjugation strategies. This review summarizes key advances in the use of enzymes to functionalize proteins with commercial relevance. The examples put forth have demonstrated value at the industrial level or show promising industrial potential in the laboratory.		###
J16927769494	Structural, Optical, Morphological and Electrical Properties of CoCl[2]-filled Poly(vinyl chloride-co-vinyl acetate-co-2- hydroxypropyl acrylate) Terpolymer	Films of the poly(vinyl chloride-co-vinyl acetate-co-2-hydroxypropyl acrylate) copolymer (PVVH) filled with different concentrations of CoCl[2] (1, 2, 5, 10 and 20 wt.%) were prepared through a casting method. X-ray diffraction analysis (XRD) revealed the amorphous nature of the PVVH copolymer and its composite samples and the degree of crystallinity decreased with increasing CoCl[2] content. Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy was performed to depict the structural variations due to the filling process. The absorption spectra of the ultraviolet/visible (UV/Vis) technique confirmed that the CoCl[2] filler affects the optical properties (such as optical energy gap E[g], refractive index n and Urbach energy E[u]) of PVVH composites. The scanning electron microscope (SEM) micrographs showed that the morphological properties of composite samples were influenced by and depended on the filling level (FL) of CoCl[2]. The results of DC measurement are discussed on the basis of an intrachain one-dimensional interpolaron hopping model and the obtained hopping distance was largely dependent on FL.		###
J16245234308	pH-Ionizable in Situ Gelling Poly(oligo ethylene glycol methacrylate)-Based Hydrogels: The Role of Internal Network Structures in Controlling Macroscopic Properties	The incorporation of charge within in situ covalently gelling poly(oligo ethylene glycol methacrylate) (POEGMA) precursor polymers enables the fabrication of hydrogels that exhibit both pH-responsive swelling and tunable network structures due to multimechanism cross-linking interactions. The gelation times, swelling responses, degradation kinetics, and mechanics of the resulting gels were strongly influenced by both the type of charge(s) incorporated and pH, with both amphoteric gels and anionic gels showing clear evidence of dual network formation. While the amphoteric dual network was anticipated due to charge interactions, the mechanism of the 5-fold enhancement in mechanical properties observed with the anionic gel relative to the neutral gel was revealed by isothermal titration calorimetry and small-angle neutron scattering to relate to the formation of a zippered chain structure based on dipole-dipole interactions. Consequently, rational design of the chemistry and the microscopic network structure results in controllable macroscopic properties amenable to potential biomedical applications.		###
J1708581820	Total synthesis of Crotogossamide using an on-resin concomitant cyclization/cleavage reaction	Crotogossamide, a cyclic peptide isolated from the latex of Croton gossypifolius, has been synthesized by a rapid and efficient Boc solid-phase peptide synthesis. The strategy takes advantage of the oxime resin nucleophile susceptibility and comprises the synthesis of a linear precursor followed by on-resin head-to-tail concomitant cyclization/cleavage. In addition, we report the first antimicrobial and antibiofilm investigations on Crotogossamide.	 Crotogossamide; Cyclic peptides; Macrocycles; Oxime resin; Peptide.	###
J1598547123X	Enantioselective Vinylogous Michael-Michael Cascade Reactions of 3-Alkylidene Oxindoles and Nitroolefin Enoates	A novel bifunctional squaramide catalyzed vinylogous Michael-Michael cascade reaction of 3-alkylidene oxindoles with nitroolefin enoates was developed. This convenient, one-pot cascade reaction serves as a powerful tool for the enantioselective construction of potential bioactive chiral chromans, which have three continuous tertiary stereocenters, in moderate to good yields (up to 85%) with excellent stereoselectivities (up to >19:1 dr and >99% ee).		###
J1718105126	Multifunctional cholinesterase inhibitors for Alzheimer's disease: Synthesis, biological evaluations, and docking studies of o/p-propoxyphenylsubstituted-1H-benzimidazole derivatives	This study indicates the synthesis, cholinesterase (ChE) inhibitory activity, and molecular modeling studies of 48 compounds as o- and p-(3-substitutedethoxyphenyl)-1H-benzimidazole derivatives. According to the ChE inhibitor activity results, generally, para series are more active against acetylcholinesterase (AChE) whereas ortho series are more active against butyrylcholinesterase (BuChE). The most active compounds against AChE and BuChE are compounds A12 and B14 with IC[50] values of 0.14 and 0.22_mM, respectively. Additionally, the most active 16 compounds against AChE/BuChE were chosen to investigate the neuroprotective effects, and the results indicated that most of the compounds have free radical scavenging properties and show their effects by reducing free radical production; moreover, some of the compounds significantly increased the viability of SH-SY5Y cells exposed to H[2]O[2]. Overall, compounds A12 and B14 with potential AChE and BuChE inhibitory activities, high neuroprotection against H[2]O[2]-induced toxicity, free radical scavenging properties, and metal chelating abilities may be considered as lead molecules for the development of multi-target-directed ligands against Alzheimer's diseas	 antioxidant activity; benzimidazole; cholinesterase inhibitors; molecular modeling.	###
J1684052335	BER analysis and capacity evaluation of FSO system using hybrid subcarrier intensity modulation with receiver spatial diversity over log-normal and gamma-gamma channel model	In this work, the performance of free space optical system is evaluated in terms of bit error rate (BER) and capacity using PPM-BPSK-SIM (hybrid-SIM) modulation scheme. Addition to that, we have applied spatial diversity technique for the proposed system. We have calculated the BER and the capacity at various atmospheric turbulence levels over the log-normal and gamma-gamma channel models. The analysis has been carried out at different signal-to-noise-ratio (SNR) values and link distances. The simulation results show that hybrid-SIM modulation scheme achieves better BER performance than BPSK-SIM scheme in both the channel models; furthermore, the BER performance gets improved significantly by spatial diversity technique.		###
J1783331852	Insight into the structural, elastic and electronic properties of tetragonal inter-alkali metal chalcogenides CsNaX (X=S, Se, and Te) from first-principles calculations	To investigate the structural, elastic and electronic properties of the tetragonal inter-alkali metal chalcogenides CsNaX (X = S, Se, and Te), we have applied the full-potential linearized augmented plane-wave plus local orbital (FP-LAPW + lo) method within the density functional theory (DFT) framework. For the description of the exchange-correlation potential, the Wu-Cohen generalized gradient approximation (WC-GGA) was employed. Furthermore, the generalized gradient approximation of Engel and Vosko (EV-GGA) and Tran-Blaha modified Becke-Johnson (TB-mBJ) potential were also applied to obtain reliable results for the electronic properties of CsNaX compounds. Our optimized equilibrium structural parameters are in good agreement with experimental measurements where available. The Young's modulus, bulk modulus, shear modulus, Poisson's ratio, Pugh's ratio, acoustic velocities and Debye temperature were derived from our estimated elastic constants C[ij]. It is found that all the considered compounds are mechanically stable and ductile in nature. In addition, the elastic anisotropy of the examined compounds was studied by visualizing the directionally dependent Young's modulus, shear modulus and compressibility, as well as by calculating some elastic anisotropy indices. Electronic properties, such as the band structure, density of states and the charge density, were analyzed in detail. Calculated band structures show that the studied materials are semiconductors with indirect band gaps (Z-_G).	 Ternary inter-alkali metal chalcogenides; Ab initio calculations; Elastic properties; Electronic.	###
J17571321855	Strengthening of Al[0.3]CoCrFeMnNi-based ODS high entropy alloys with incremental changes in the concentration of Y[2]O[3]	The high-entropy alloy (HEA) composite Al[0.3]CoCrFeMnNi based on the face-centered-cubic (FCC) system and reinforced with 0-3__vol% Y[2]O[3] was processed by mechanical alloying followed by spark plasma sintering (SPS). The compressive yield strength of the Al[0.3]CoCrFeMnNi high-entropy alloy (HEA) increased phenomenally, from 0.98__GPa (0__vol% Y[2]O[3]) to 1.76__GPa (3__vol% Y[2]O[3]). A quantitative analysis by atom probe tomography (APT) suggested the in-situ formation of complex oxide resulting from the reaction of Y[2]O[3] with the HEA matrix during processing, enhancing the strength. Using the dispersion-barrier hardening model, the strengthening by dispersoids in Al[0.3]CoCrFeMnNi with Y[2]O[3] was calculated, and closely matched the experimental results.	 High entropy alloy; Oxide dispersion strengthening; Spark plasma sintering; Atom probe tomography; Mechanical.	###
J17428553233	A Robust Edge Detection Approach in the Presence of High Impulse Noise Intensity Through Switching Adaptive Median and Fixed Weighted Mean Filtering	This paper introduces a robust edge detection method that relies on an integrated process for denoising images in the presence of high impulse noise. This process is shown to be resilient to impulse (or salt and pepper) noise even under high intensity levels. The proposed switching adaptive median and fixed weighted mean filter (SAMFWMF) is shown to yield optimal edge detection and edge detail preservation, an outcome we validate through high correlation, structural similarity index, and peak signal-to-noise ratio measures. For comparative purposes, a comprehensive analysis of other denoising filters is provided based on these various validation metrics. The non-maximum suppression method and new edge following maximum-sequence are the two techniques used to track the edges and overcome edge discontinuities and noisy pixels, especially in the presence of high-intensity noise levels. After applying predefined thresholds to the grayscale image, and thus obtaining a binary image, several morphological operations are used to remove the unwanted edges and noisy pixels and perform edge thinning to ultimately provide the desired edge connectivity, which results in an optimal edge detection method. The obtained results are compared with other existing state-of-the-art denoising filters and other edge detection methods in support of our assertion that the proposed method is resilient to impulse noise even under high-intensity levels	 adaptive filters; edge detection; image colour analysis; image denoising; image filtering; image sequences; image thinning; impulse noise; nonmaximum suppression method; structural similarity index; image thinning; edge following maximum-sequence.	###
J18051194108	Whistle detection and classification for whales based on convolutional neural networks	Passive acoustic observation of whales is an increasingly important tool for whale research. Accurately detecting whale sounds and correctly classifying them into corresponding whale species are essential tasks, especially in the case when two species of whales vocalize in the same observed area. Whistles are vital vocalizations of toothed whales, such as killer whales and long-finned pilot whales. In this paper, based on deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs), a novel method is proposed to detect and classify whistles of both killer whales and long-finned pilot whales. Compared with traditional methods, the proposed one can automatically learn the sound characteristics from the training data, without specifying the sound features for classification and detection, and thus shows better adaptability to complex sound signals. First, the denoised sound to be analyzed is sent to the trained detection model to estimate the number and positions of the target whistles. The detected whistles are then sent to the trained classification model, which determines the corresponding whale species. A GUI interface is developed to assist with the detection and classification process. Experimental results show that the proposed method can achieve 97% correct detection rate and 95% correct classification rate on the testing set. In the future, the presented method can be further applied to passive acoustic observation applications for some other whale or dolphin species.		###
J16741703159	Recent advances and future prospect in catalysts for oxidative coupling of methane to ethylene: A review	Despite its inherent constraints which hindered significant improvement in the process catalytically, the oxidative coupling of methane (OCM) remains an indispensable prospective approach for converting methane directly into vital chemicals such as ethylene. Recently, there is an upsurge in research effort towards better understanding of the oxidative coupling of methane process in terms of its mechanism, catalyst design and synthesis. This review discusses recent advances in crucial aspects related to the catalyst such as active sites, oxygen vacancy, acid-base property, surface oxide reducibility, oxide-support interaction, and prospects of nanowires with the aim to improve the performance of the OCM process.	 Oxidative coupling of methane; Electrophilic lattice oxygen; Oxide reducibility; Oxygen vacancy; Active.	###
J15939070201	Time Series Analysis of Soil Radon Data Using Multiple Linear Regression and Artificial Neural Network in Seismic Precursory Studies	This paper reports the analysis of soil radon data recorded in the seismic zone-V, located in the northeastern part of India (latitude 23.73N, longitude 92.73E). Continuous measurements of soil-gas emission along Chite fault in Mizoram (India) were carried out with the replacement of solid-state nuclear track detectors at weekly interval. The present study was done for the period from March 2013 to May 2015 using LR-115 Type II detectors, manufactured by Kodak Pathe, France. In order to reduce the influence of meteorological parameters, statistical analysis tools such as multiple linear regression and artificial neural network have been used. Decrease in radon concentration was recorded prior to some earthquakes that occurred during the observation period. Some false anomalies were also recorded which may be attributed to the ongoing crustal deformation which was not major enough to produce an earthquake.	 Radon measurements, SSNTDs, MLR and ANN analysis, earthquake precursors, statistical algorithm, meteorological parameters.	###
J16714676316	A narrow-band red-emitting K[2]LiGaF[6]:Mn{4+} phosphor with octahedral morphology: Luminescent properties, growth mechanisms, and applications	A narrow-band K[2]LiGaF[6]:Mn{4+} red phosphor with octahedra and self-assembled microspheres morphologies was prepared through the two-step co-precipitation and hydrothermal methods, respectively. The forming mechanism of the regular octahedral crystals and self-assembled microspheres have been explored by SEM and HRTEM. The Mn{4+} doping concentration and reaction time were optimized for improving its optical properties. The emission intensity of K[2]LiGaF[6]:Mn{4+} can still keep 87% when it worked at 150_0C, indicating its excellent thermal stability. Moreover, the as-prepared K[2]LiGaF[6]:Mn{4+} have better photoluminescence intensity and thermal stability than the previously reported K[2]LiAlF[6]:Mn{4+}, which should be attributed the optimization of morphology and structure. Especially, the slight shift of peak position of K[2]LiGaF[6]:Mn{4+} than K[2]LiAlF[6]:Mn{4+} was also analyzed in detail. Finally, the as-prepared K[2]LiGaF[6]:Mn{4+} phosphor was packaged on WLED through combining the YAG:Ce phosphor. Excellent warm white light with the CCT = 4296 K, R[a] = 91, and luminous efficiency = 137.56 lm~xW{_-1} was obtained, making it becoming the promising red phosphor candidates for white light-emitting diodes.	 KLiGaF:Mn; Red emission; Phosphor; Octahedral morphology; Nephelauxetic effect; Warm white.	###
J1650082X38	Performance of Centaurea cyanus aqueous extract towards corrosion mitigation of carbon steel in saline formation water	The paper aimed to investigate and evaluate the performance of natural aqueous cornflower (Centaurea cyanus) extract (CFE) to mitigate carbon steel corrosion in harsh saline formation water. Weight loss measurements, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) and potentiodynamic polarization techniques were all used for this assessment. The polarization results showed that CFE could act as a mixed-type inhibitor with a reasonable protection efficiency of ~/ 69% at very low extract addition of 10 ppm. CFE retained its inhibitive effect even at elevated temperatures where it showed an inhibition efficiency of 63.95% at 313 K. The adsorption behavior of the main CFE constituents on carbon steel surface was well described following Langmuir adsorption isotherm. Thermodynamic activation parameters that govern carbon steel corrosion in blank and extract-containing saline formation water were calculated from the temperature dependence and then discussed. The effect of immersion time on the weight loss rate indicated that CFE not only keeps its inhibitive activity for carbon steel in saline water, but also improves its effectiveness over the long term immersion due to synergistic influence of the corrosion products which offer an additional protection. Structural characterization by using SEM-EDX images and FT-IR analysis further supported the obtained chemical and electrochemical results.	 Carbon steel; Saline formation water; Cornflower extract; Corrosion mitigation; EIS; Surface.	###
J1432093X275	Densities, viscosities, and excess properties of binary mixtures of two imidazolide anion functionalized ionic liquids with water at T = (293.15 to 313.15) K	Densities and viscosities of binary mixtures of 8-hydrogen-1,8-diazabicyclo_(5,4,0_)-undec-7-enium imidazolide (_(HDBU_)IM) and 8-butyl-1,8-diazabicyclo_(5,4,0_)-undec-7-enium imidazolide (_(BDBU_)IM) ionic liquids (ILs) with water were measured at temperatures from T = (293.15 to 313.15) K. Excess molar volumes V{E} and viscosity deviations _D_h of the mixtures were calculated to study the intermolecular interactions and structural factors between ILs and water. The results show that the V{E} values of the two mixtures are negative over the whole composition range, while the _D_h values have positive deviations, indicating that the hydrogen bonding interactions between IL and water are dominant in the mixtures. Moreover, the absolute values of V{E} (|V{E}|) of ~(_(HDBU_)IM (1) + H[2]O (2)~) system are larger than those of ~(_(BDBU_)IM (1) + H[2]O (2)~) system at the same condition, indicating that the hydrogen bonding interactions between _(HDBU_)IM and water are stronger than those between _(BDBU_)IM and water. Both |V{E}| and _D_h values of the mixtures decrease with the increasing temperature, resulting from the decreasing the hydrogen bonding interactions between IL and water. Other derived properties of the studied systems, such as the apparent molar volumes, partial molar volumes, excess partial molar volumes, Gibbs free energy of activation for viscous flow, and excess Gibbs free energy of activation for viscous flow were also calculated from the experimental values.	 Ionic liquid; Imidazolide anion ionic liquid; Density; Viscosity; Excess.	###
J17106041129	Model development and experimental verification for tubular solar still operating under vacuum condition	A theoretical and experimental study was carried out on performance of a Tubular Solar Still (TSS) under vacuum operation condition, based on which a modified model was proposed. Theoretical analysis shows that a vacuum operation pressure augments the concentration differential of humid vapour around the trough and that around the condensation surface, intensifying the diffusion and natural convection of vapour in the cavity. It is further indicated that as the operation pressure approximates the saturation pressure of the saline water, buoyancy force due to mass transfer would surpass that from thermal diffusion, and dominate vapour transportation process in the still. The proposed model for predicting the freshwater yield adopted the diffusion rule of binary mixture in the calculation of the mass transfer coefficient. It has a deviation of _-3% _-11% against the current experimental results and was further verified by an independent dataset. Upon that the performance of current TSS under vacuum running condition was evaluated with the help of the model. In view of the efficiency in energy utilization, the evaluation results show that the energy utilization efficiency of the system has an increase over 80% compared with that under normal operating pressure condition.	 Dynamic energy model; Tubular solar still; Solar desalination; Vacuum pressure; Mass.	###
J1518858X1351	Stability constants of mixed ligand complexes of vanadium(III) with cysteine and the amino acids serine, threonine, methionine and phenylalanine	"The formation of the ternary complexes of Vanadium (III)-l-cysteine with the amino acids serine (HSer), threonine (HThr), methionine (HMet) and phenylalanine (HPhe) in aqueous solution was studied by means of emf(H) electromotive force measurements under the conditions: 3.0 M KCl and temperature (25.0 _+ 0.1)_0C, in order to know the speciation of these systems. The data obtained through potentiometric measurements were analyzed using the computer program generalized least squares LETAGROP, which indicate the formation of ternary complexes of the type _(V(Cys)(HL)_){+}, V(Cys)(L) and the hydrolysis products _(V(Cys)(L)(OH)_){_-} and _(V(Cys)(L)(OH)[2]_){2 _-}, where L represents the amino acids studied (L = Ser, Thr, Met, Phe). The spectrophotometric studies indicate the presence of six-coordinated and heptacoordinated complexes for the V(III)-H[2]Cys-HThr system. The _D log K~"" indicated that the ternary complexes are more stable than the binary ones."	 Vanadium(III) complexes; Cysteine; Potentiometric studies; Speciation; Ternary.	###
J1762655X332	Furfuryl alcohol deoxygenation, decarbonylation, and ring-opening on Pt(111)	The adsorption and decomposition of furfuryl alcohol on Pt(111) was studied using temperature-programmed desorption (TPD) and high-resolution electron energy loss spectroscopy (HREELS). TPD studies showed that furfuryl alcohol underwent decarbonylation to furan, propylene, carbon monoxide, and hydrogen, as well as hydrodeoxygenation to produce methylfuran and water. Benzene was also produced as an unexpected ring decomposition product. Experiments conducted on deuterium-precovered Pt(111) were used to determine the extent of hydrogen exchange between the surface and organic intermediates during TPD. These experiments suggested that furan was likely evolved in part through dehydrogenated C[4]H[2]O intermediates. In contrast to earlier observation of furfuryl alcohol chemistry on Pd(111), deoxygenation of furfuryl alcohol only occurred via hydrogenation by surface hydrogens and not through an interadsorbate hydrogen exchange. The HREELS studies revealed that at low coverages, the furyl ring was adsorbed in a flat-lying configuration on the Pt(111) surface, while at higher coverages intermediates with more upright structures were observed. Furfuryl alcohol decomposed through a furfural intermediate, which underwent decarbonylation and decomposition at relatively low temperatures to produce propylene and benzene. These results elucidate key differences between Pt and Pd surfaces important for designing catalysts to have high selectivity towards a given process.	 Furfural; Biomass conversion; Deoxygenation; Decarbonylation;.	###
J17394748150	Thermodynamic Properties of Tungsten	The thermodynamic properties of tungsten have been evaluated to 6200 K. Selected values include an enthalpy of sublimation of 855_+5 kJ/mol at 298.15 K and a boiling point at one atmosphere pressure of 6101 K.		###
J17687613224	Fracture toughness of cemented carbides obtained by electrical resistance sintering	The unique combination of hardness, toughness and wear resistance exhibited by WC-Co cemented carbides (hardmetals) has made them a preeminent material choice for extremely demanding applications, such as metal cutting/forming tools or mining bits, in which improved and consistent performance together with high reliability are required. The high fracture toughness values exhibited by hardmetals are mainly due to ductile ligament bridging and crack deflection (intrinsic to carbides). In this work two WC-Co grades obtained by using the electric resistance sintering technique are studied. The relationships between the process parameters (cobalt volume fraction, sintering current and time, die materials, etc.), the microstructural characteristics (porosity, cobalt volume fraction, carbide grain size, binder thickness and carbide contiguity) and mechanical properties (Vickers hardness and fracture toughness) are established and discussed. Also the presence of microstructural anisotropy and residual stresses is studied. The sintering process at 7__kA, 600__ms and 100__MPa, in an alumina die, followed by a treatment of residual stress relief (800_0C, 2__h in high vacuum), allows to obtain WC-Co pellets with the best balance between an homogeneous microstructure and mechanical behaviour.	 Electrical resistance sintering; Cemented carbides; Hardmetal; Fracture.	###
J1745726X103	Reduction factors for stainless steel bolts at elevated temperatures	This paper presents an experimental investigation of the mechanical properties of sixty A4-70 and A4-80 stainless steel bolts under steady-state temperatures ranging from 20 to 900_0C. The material responses at elevated temperatures of the parent materials, SUS316 and SUS316Ti stainless steels (also known as EN 1.4401 and EN 1.4571 steels), and of fire-resistant bolts are included for comparisons. The tensile strength degradation of stainless steel bolts in fire are found to be reasonably close to those specified by Eurocode 3 Part 1.2 for their parent materials, but the Young's modulus degradation is not so robust. At temperatures lower than 650_0C, the stainless steel bolts retain their 0.2% proof strength better than their parent materials. Importantly, in the temperature range of 500 to 900_0C the stainless steel bolts retain their tensile strength, Young's modulus and 0.2% proof strength better than fire-resistant bolts (BOLTEN110N-FR to JSSII-09 standard). Based on the experimental data, reduction factors for tensile strength, Young's modulus and 0.2% proof strength are derived in this paper for stainless steel bolts at elevated temperatures.	 Bolts; Elevated temperatures; Stainless steel; Stiffness degradation; Strength.	###
J16463223278	Length-weight relationships of three fish species from the costal of Hainan, the South China Sea	Length-weight relationships were determined for three fish species _(Bregmaceros rarisquamosus Munro, 1950; Sardinella albella (Valenciennes, 1847) and Cynoglossus macrolepidotus (Bleeker, 1851)_) inhabiting the coastal of Hainan, China. Fishes were collected using gillnets (mesh size 0.5 cm) and electrofishing from 2005 to December 2012. The b-values of the equations ranged between 2.57 for Bregmaceros rarisquamosus and 3.34 for Cynoglossus macrolepidotus and thus were just inside the acceptable range for this value. Further, for B. rarisquamosus a new TLmax was recorded.		###
J1722253X224	The structural, ferroelectric and optical properties of (Gd, Cr) co-substituted BiFeO[3] thin films	Polycrystalline BiFeO[3] (BFO) and Bi[0.9]Gd[0.1]Fe[1_-x]Cr[x]O[3] (x=0, 0.025, 0.05, 0.075, 0.10) multiferroic thin films were fabricated on quartz and Pt(111)/Ti/SiO[2]/Si(100) substrates using a sol-gel method. The effects of (Gd, Cr) co-doping on the microstructural, electrical and optical properties of BFO were studied. X-ray diffraction and micro-Raman measurements demonstrated that the phases of all films were a rhombohedral perovskite structure. The merging of (110) and (104) diffraction peaks demonstrated a structural transition in the Bi[0.9]Gd[0.1]Fe[1_-x]Cr[x]O[3] thin films. The field emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM) patterns exhibited that the grain sizes were decreased and the surface textures got denser and glossier with the increasing Cr content. The Bi[0.9]Gd[0.1]Fe[0.95]Cr[0.05]O[3] showed a more uniform grain size distribution and denser surface. The leakage current densities and electrical polarizations of (Gd, Cr) co-doped BFO were improved. A minimum leakage current density (5.32_*10{_-9}A/cm{2}) was obtained in Bi[0.9]Gd[0.1]Fe[0.95]Cr[0.05]O[3] thin films at the electric field of 300 kV/cm, which decreased by four and five orders of magnitude compared to the BGFO thin film (4.17_*10{_-5}A/cm{2}) and BFO thin film (6.5_*10{_-4}A/cm{2}), respectively. And larger polarizations were observed in Bi[0.9]Gd[0.1]Fe[0.95]Cr[0.05]O[3] thin film. Moreover, the leakage current mechanisms of all films have been studied. The optical band gaps (E[g]) of Bi[0.9]Gd[0.1]Fe[1_-x]Cr[x]O[3] thin films were blue-shift with the increasing of x value, which suggested a promising applications in the field of photocatalysis and power electronic devices.		###
J1698371578	Modeling of NBTI Kinetics in Replacement Metal Gate Si and SiGe FinFETs_-Part-II: AC Stress and Recovery	An ultrafast (10-_ms delay) measurement technique is used to characterize ac negative-bias temperature instability-induced threshold voltage shift (_DVT) in replacement metal-gate-based high-K metal gate Si and SiGe p-FinFETs. Time kinetics of stress and recovery, voltage acceleration factor, temperature activation energy (EA), frequency (f), and pulse duty cycle (PDC) dependence are shown for different germanium percentages (Ge%) in the channel and nitrogen percentages (N%) in the gate insulator. A comprehensive physical model framework based on uncorrelated contributions from interface (_DVIT) and bulk oxide (_DVOT) trap generation and hole trapping in preexisting defects (AVHT) is used to explain the measured data at different stress biases (VGSTR), temperatures (T), f, and PDCs. Direct-current I-V measurements are used to independently verify the interface-trap generation component for ac stress. End-of-life degradation for different processes under dc and ac conditions is estimated by using the calibrated model and compared to predictions from conventional analytical methods	 Ge-Si alloys; MOSFET; elemental semiconductors; germanium; high-k dielectric thin films; hole traps; hot carriers; interface states; negative bias temperature instability; nitrogen; semiconductor device measurement; semiconductor device models;.	###
J1723425281	First Step in Exploration of Fe_-Ga_-N System for Efficient Crystallization of GaN at High N[2] Pressure	According to the existing data, iron is a very efficient solvent for nitrogen. In this work, the results of first steps toward crystallization of GaN from Fe-based solutions at 1GPa N[2] pressure are reported. Melting of Fe at 0.88GPa N[2] pressure is studied by differential thermal analysis (DTA) which shows a strong (~=200_0C) decrease of melting temperature as compared to the well-established value of 1570_0C for pure Fe at 0.88GPa at inert atmosphere. The N content of about 11.9at.% is found by ON836 LECO analyzer in the Fe samples after DTA. It means that the observed drop of T[m] (Fe) is related to the high solubility of nitrogen in Fe metal. Also the dissolution of GaN in Fe in 1370-1480_0C temperature range is studied. Encouragingly high (22-30at.%) solubilities of Ga (direct measurement) and most probably, as high for N (evaluated from mass balance) are found.	 crystal growth from solution; crystallization at high pressure; DTA at high pressure; gallium nitride.	###
J17281080111	Investigation of transport properties of some superconductor nickel-based antiperovskite XNNi[3] (X=Mg, Al, Cu, Zn, Ga, Ag, Cd, In, Sn, Sb, Pt and Pb)	We report, in this work, a theoretical study of electronic and transport (thermoelectric) properties of some superconductor nickel-based antiperovskite XNNi[3] (X = Mg, Al, Cu, Zn, Ga, Ag, Cd, In, Sn, Sb, Pt and Pb) using first-principles calculations with the full-potential linearized augmented plane wave (FPLAPW) method based on the density functional theory (DFT) as implemented in the WIEN2k package. Electronic properties are calculated and show that the studied materials are of metallic type which is in good agreement with experimental data. The Seebeck coefficient, thermal conductivity, electrical conductivity and figure of merit were reported. The results obtained show that the zinc (Zn) and silver (Ag) materials are characterized by a high value of the figure of merit at room temperature (300 K) which is respectively 0.86 and 1.02 in a p-type region. In the case of the transition metals, the maximum values of S increase in going from the Pt atom to the Zn atom and then decrease for the Cd atom. Furthermore, the Wiedemann-Franz law which states that the ratio of thermal to electrical conductivity for metals is constant is well verified in this work. The electric conductivity values are almost invariant with the temperature except for the case of MgNNi[3] and AgNNi[3] compounds in which it increases with T slightly. So, the superconducting materials based on silver and zinc are the best for the thermoelectric applications at room temperature due to the very important value of the factor of merit and the Seebeck coefficient obtained.	 Antiperovskites, Figure of merit, Seebeck coefficient, Thermal conductivity, Electric.	###
J1811219357	Structural stability and control at high speed regime of two-dimensional active magnetic bearing systems	An extensive and complete theoretical background useful while taking relevant decisions in the designing and controlling process of two-dimensional (2D) active magnetic bearings (AMBs) are proposed. By means of the Hamiltonian of the associated conservative system, a state diagram of stability of the system is established and the critical parameters describing boundaries of each domain analytically derived. It appears that the system exhibits seven domains of stability ranging from a totally unstable domain to a fully stable one depending on the delicate balance between the control parameters, the bearings parameters and the bias current. The results indicate that the 2D-configuration of the system enlarges its stability domain in the working range of the precontrol current parameter and contributes also to upgrade the loading capacity of the system. Nonlinear oscillations of the shaft in the high speed regime are also investigated in the domain of possible stability of the system and the analytical expression of the frequency response of the system derived. The analysis of the results shows that the lowest amplitude of vibrations are obtained for the small value of the proportional gain of the PD controller. Numerical simulations performed confirmed the accuracy of theses obtained results.	 Stability analysis; Structural stability; State diagram; Natural frequency; Steady state solution; Control.	###
J15780993153	Kinetics and Grain Boundary Selectivity of Discontinuous Precipitation in Binary Ni-Cr Alloy	A supersaturated Ni-Cr alloy (42 wt pct Cr) was subjected to a series of aging heat treatments in the two-phase region in the temperature range of 923 K to 1123 K (650_0C to 850_0C) for different time periods. The resultant microstructures were seen to be composed of varying volume fractions of continuous (CP) and discontinuous precipitation (DP). The DP dominated at lower temperatures, while CP dominated at higher temperatures and the expected DP termination temperature was estimated to be 1138 K (865_0C). The kinetics of DP followed the Turnbull model at lower temperatures and the Aaronson-Liu model at higher temperatures. The nucleation and growth of DP cells, which occurred via the 'precipitate driven grain boundary migration,' was seen to be a strong function of the nature of the participating grain boundaries.		###
J1512137X31	Variation in winter metabolic reduction between sympatric amphibians	Distribution and abundance of temperate ectotherms is determined, in part, by the depletion of their limited caloric reserves during wintering. The magnitude of winter energy drain depends on the species-specific capacity to seasonally modify the minimal maintenance costs. We examined seasonal variation of minimum oxygen consumption between two newt species, Ichthyosaura alpestris and Lissotriton vulgaris. Oxygen consumption was measured in both species during their active season (daily temperature range__=__12-22_0C) and wintering period (4_0C) at 4_0C and 8_0C. The seasonal reduction in metabolic rates differed between species and experimental temperatures. Wintering newts reduced their metabolic rates at 4_0C and 8_0C in I. alpestris, but only at 8_0C in L. vulgaris. Both species reduced the thermal sensitivity of oxygen consumption during wintering. Theoretical calculations of winter depletion of caloric reserves under various thermal conditions revealed that seasonal metabolic reduction is more effective in I. alpestris than in L. vulgaris, and its effectiveness will increase with the proportion of warmer days during wintering period. The variation in winter metabolic reduction between sympatric newt species potentially contributes to their distribution patterns and population dynamics under climate change.	 Caloric reserves; Ichthyosaura; Lissotriton; Metabolic rate; Newt; Oxygen consumption; Respirometry; Salamander; Thermal sensitivity;.	###
J16152295102	Effect of the weather conditions during solution preparation on lysozyme crystallization	Protein crystallization is a delicate process that is always sensitive to environmental factors. When the environmental factors are not well controlled or not controlled at all, identical crystallization droplets from the same mother liquid may yield different crystallization results. One environmental factor, the weather conditions during crystallization solution preparation, is not usually considered as a parameter for protein crystallization. In this paper, it is shown that the weather parameters during preparation of the crystallization experiment, including the ambient temperature, humidity, pressure and particulate matter in the air, can all affect the reproducibility of lysozyme crystallization. An identical lysozyme crystallization experiment was repeated for an entire year, and the weather conditions when each crystallization experiment was set up were recorded along with the crystallization results. Among the parameters recorded, the humidity during the experiment setup showed the strongest effect on lysozyme crystallization. On the basis of these results, it is suggested that the weather conditions during crystallization solution preparation should be considered as a potential factor that can influence protein crystallization.	 protein crystallization; weather parameters during solution preparation; crystallization success rate; crystal optical perfection; crystal.	###
J17432763395	Optimization of Massive Full-Dimensional MIMO for Positioning and Communication	Massive full-dimensional multiple-input multiple-output (FD-MIMO) base stations (BSs) have the potential to bring multiplexing and coverage gains by means of three-dimensional (3D) beamforming. The key technical challenges for their deployment include the presence of limited-resolution front ends and the acquisition of channel state information (CSI) at the BSs. This paper investigates the use of FD-MIMO BSs to provide simultaneously high-rate data communication and mobile 3D positioning in the downlink. The analysis concentrates on the problem of beamforming design by accounting for imperfect CSI acquisition via time division duplex-based training and for the finite resolution of analog-to-digital converter and digital-to-analog converter at BSs. Both unstructured beamforming and a low-complexity Kronecker beamforming solution are considered, where for the latter the beamforming vectors are decomposed into separate azimuth and elevation components. The proposed algorithmic solutions are based on the Bussgang theorem, rank-relaxation, and successive convex approximation (SCA) methods. Comprehensive numerical results demonstrate that the proposed schemes can effectively cater to both data communication and positioning services, providing only minor performance degradations compared to the conventional cases in which either only the data communication or only positioning is implemented. Moreover, the proposed low-complexity Kronecker beamforming is seen to guarantee a limited performance loss in the presence of a large number of BS antennas	 5G mobile communication; array signal processing; convex programming; data communication; MIMO communication; mobility management (mobile radio); time division multiplexing; vectors; rank-relaxation; Bussgang theorem; analog-to-digital converter; BS.	###
J1679769529	Capacity investment in electricity markets under supply and demand uncertainty	In the last decades, the weight of renewable energies sources (RES-E) in the electricity generation mix of most European countries has considerably increased, constituting an important contribution to the transition towards a low-carbon economy. Until very recently, RES-E were supported by favorable investment mechanisms specially designed to endorse investment in RES-E. More recently, as RES-E are becoming increasingly more competitive (especially wind and solar photovoltaic), RES-E are starting to be remunerated according to market mechanisms. This has generated a lively debate on the economic pros and cons of dispatching RES-E in the market. This paper contributes to this debate by developing a game theoretical model in the context of which we analyze how the inclusion of RES-E in the electricity wholesale market affects equilibrium outcomes under demand and supply uncertainty. Then, we examine how the inclusion of RES-E in the electricity wholesale market impacts firms' incentives to invest in conventional energy sources, characterizing the optimal investment under demand and supply uncertainty. We find that, when RES-E capacity and asymmetry in firms' marginal production costs are sufficiently high, RES-E producers may strategically reduce the market price, in order to evict the less efficient conventional source in that period. Although, in the short-run, this strategy may actually favor energy consumers (since prices are lower), the expectations of inactivity periods (regardless of whether they arise for strategic or market reasons) may negatively affect investment in back-up capacity, possibly leading to an increase in future prices (since less back-up capacity is available). Finally, we provide an analytical characterization of optimal investment levels in conventional energy sources under demand and supply uncertainty.	 Electricity markets; Capacity investment;.	###
J1618479083	Crystal structure of radium sulfate: An X-ray powder diffraction and density functional theory study	Radium-barium sulfate (Ra[0.76]Ba[0.24]SO[4]) powder was examined using X-ray Diffraction (XRD) technique and its crystal structure was optimized using Density Functional Theory (DFT). XRD data show that radium and barium sulfate form a solid solution and that Ra[0.76]Ba[0.24]SO[4] is orthorhombic and isostructural with pure RaSO[4], barite (BaSO[4]), celestite (SrSO[4]) and anglesite (PbSO[4]), crystallizing in the space group Pmna (No. 62). The unit cell parameters of the Ra[0.76]Ba[0.24]SO[4] crystal have been determined using Rietveld refinement and were extrapolated to unit cell parameters of the pure RaSO[4] phase using Vegard's law: a=9.129(8), b=5.538(3), c=7.313(5) ~0A. DFT geometry optimization was used to derive atomic coordinates and interatomic distances in both Ra[0.76]Ba[0.24]SO[4] and pure RaSO[4]. The experimental and DFT geometry optimization results obtained in this work are in good agreement with each other, and furthermore with literature data.	 Radium sulfate; RaSO4; X-ray diffraction; Alkaline-earth metals;.	###
J1700320X77	Synthesizing graphene from waste mosquito repellent graphite rod by using electrochemical exfoliation for battery/supercapacitor applications	Two graphite rods from two empty mosquito repellent refills were employed for synthesis of few-layered graphene for material developments on batteries and supercapacitor applications. The graphene sheet is isolated from graphite rod via electrochemical exfoliation method. We exfoliate graphene by intercalating sodium dodecyl benzene sulfonate at a constant concentration with constant DC power supply. The purified graphene is characterized by scanning electron microscopy, Fourier transform infrared spectrometry, Raman spectrometry, X-ray diffraction, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. A newly promised approach in the production of energy source material by utilizing empty repellent rods has been explored.		###
J1550791X708	Relationship Between Two Direct Power Control Methods for PWM Rectifiers Under Unbalanced Network	Active power control plays an important role in a pulse width modulation (PWM) rectifier under both balanced and unbalanced network conditions. The prior methods to achieve active power oscillation cancellation (APOC) under unbalanced grid voltages are usually implemented by forcing the grid current to track appropriate current references. They require fine tuning work of a current controller and positive-/negative-sequence extraction of grid voltage/currents and/or converter voltage, which complicates the design of the controller. This paper presents two APOC methods in the frame of direct power control (DPC) for the PWM rectifier and reveals their inherent relationship. In the first method, an appropriate power compensation is added to the original power references without modifying the internal control structure. In the second method, a novel definition of reactive power is employed to replace conventional reactive power, which achieves the aim of APOC automatically. Both methods can be easily integrated with existing DPC schemes with a slight modification. The sequence extraction required in prior methods is eliminated. The inherent relationship between these two methods is investigated, and it is found that they are completely equivalent. The two APOC methods are comparatively studied and implemented in the basic table-based DPC. Simulation and experimental results confirm the theoretical study and the effectiveness of the two methods	 PWM rectifiers; controllers; electric current control; power grids; reactive power control; APOC methods; PWM rectifiers; active power control; active power oscillation cancellation; balanced network conditions; converter voltage; current controller;.	###
J1644089459	Integration of instrumental neutron activation analysis and inductively coupled plasma-optical emission spectrometry with mathematical modeling for the elemental analysis of plants	Metals in fourteen plants were analyzed in parallel by instrumental neutron activation analysis (INAA) and inductively coupled plasma-optical emission spectrometry (ICP-OES) for the possible integration of the analytical techniques. INAA correlates well with ICP-OES for Ca, K, Fe, Mn, Mg, and Zn. Advantages of INAA include its nondestructive nature and ease of sample preparation. ICP-OES requires destructive sample digestion, but provides superior limits of detection. Therefore, ICP-OES is the method of the choice for low elemental concentrations. In general, ICP-OES is a better choice for Cr, Sr, and Cu in plant analysis for accuracy. On the other hand, a simple mathematical model was developed for predicting the concentrations of Cu and Cr that were measured by INAA. The predicted values of the elements showed consistency to their corresponding certified values as well as to the concentrations measured by ICP-OES, specifically for Cu or when the concentrations exceeded 5mg/kg.		###
J15761042386	A Novel Flux Estimator Based on Multiple Second-Order Generalized Integrators and Frequency-Locked Loop for Induction Motor Drives	Accurate flux estimation is essential for the implementation of a high-performance ac motor drive. However, it still faces some problems, which can better be projected by analyzing performances of existing flux estimators, implemented with either a pure integrator or a low-pass filter (LPF). To solve the problems, an alternative flux estimator, implemented with a single second-order generalized integrator (SOGI) and a frequency-locked loop (FLL), is discussed for induction motor drives. The SOGI block included in this algorithm works for integrating the back-electromotive force, which unlike the pure integrator and LPF, does not experience saturation and significant dc offsets caused by different initial conditions. The single-SOGI-FLL estimator does not need additional magnitude and phase compensation, while its performance may deteriorate at low speed, caused by the inverse proportional relationship between its estimated flux and the frequency. A multi-SOGI-FLL flux estimator is, thus, proposed for uncompromised attenuation of dc and harmonic errors even under low-speed condition. Excellent flux estimation can, hence, be offered over the full-speed range, as proven through theoretical studies and experiments	 electric potential; frequency locked loops; induction motor drives; integrating circuits; back-electromotive force; flux estimation; flux estimator; frequency-locked loop; high-performance ac motor drive; induction motor drives; multi SOGI-FLL flux.	###
J1680273760	Layer-specific excitation/inhibition balances during neuronal synchronization in the visual cortex	Key points Understanding the balance between synaptic excitation and inhibition in cortical circuits in the brain, and how this contributes to cortical rhythms, is fundamental to explaining information processing in the cortex. This study used cortical layer-specific optogenetic activation in mouse cortex to show that excitatory neurons in any cortical layer can drive powerful gamma rhythms, while inhibition balances excitation. The net impact of this is to keep activity within each layer in check, but simultaneously to promote the propagation of activity to downstream layers. The data show that rhythm-generating circuits exist in all principle layers of the cortex, and provide layer-specific balances of excitation and inhibition that affect the flow of information across the layers. Abstract Rhythmic activity can synchronize neural ensembles within and across cortical layers. While gamma band rhythmicity has been observed in all layers, the laminar sources and functional impacts of neuronal synchronization in the cortex remain incompletely understood. Here, layer-specific optogenetic stimulation demonstrates that populations of excitatory neurons in any cortical layer of the mouse's primary visual cortex are sufficient to powerfully entrain neuronal oscillations in the gamma band. Within each layer, inhibition balances excitation and keeps activity in check. Across layers, translaminar output overcomes inhibition and drives downstream firing. These data establish that rhythm-generating circuits exist in all principle layers of the cortex, but provide layer-specific balances of excitation and inhibition that may dynamically shape the flow of information through cortical circuits. These data might help explain how excitation/inhibition (E/I) balances across cortical layers shape information processing, and shed light on the diverse nature and functional impacts of cortical gamma rhythms. Citing LiteratureNumber of times cited: 1 Daniel J. Denman, The songs of silence: cortical suppression and synchronization by layer-specific activation, The Journal of Physiology, 596, 9, (1541-1542), (2018).	 cortical circuits; visual cortex; balance of excitation and inhibition; E/I balance; optogenetics; V1; cortical layers; gamma.	###
J15909295116	Catalytic hydrogenation of CO[2] into methanol and dimethyl ether over Cu-X/V-Al PILC (X = Ce and Nb) catalysts	Abstract The production of methanol (MeOH) and dimethyl ether (DME) through CO[2] hydrogenation is an attractive route to recycle CO[2] and control its emission to the atmosphere. In the present work, the hydrogenation of CO[2] into MeOH and DME over Al-pillared clays impregnated with different metals (Cu-X/V-AI PILC, where X = Ce and Nb) was investigated in the temperature range 200-300_0C. The influence of additives on the physico-chemical properties of the catalysts was evaluated by N[2] adsorption, ex situ XRD, TPR analysis, and in situ XANES and XRD. The acid sites were analyzed by FTIR analysis after adsorption of pyridine and NH[3]-TPD. The basic and metallic sites were analyzed by CO[2]-TPD and N[2]O-TPD, respectively. In situ XANES was used to investigate the Cu{+} and CuO species. MeOH and DME selectivities were directly related to the presence of acid, basic and metallic sites and with the reaction temperature. The results indicated that the CuCe/V-Al PILC catalyst was the most promising catalyst for DME synthesis from CO[2].	 CO2 hydrogenation; Pillared clay; Methanol; DME; Copper.	###
J17543875752	Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) in edible fish species from different fishing zones of Croatian Adriatic	"High-risk contaminants, OCPs and PCBs, were investigated in marine fish from the Adriatic Sea, from which retail fish in Croatia is commonly sourced. The pollutant levels in sardine, horse and chub mackerel, anchovy and round sardinella were analysed based on a two-year sampling and the joint use of generally accepted statistics and advanced clustering methods _- self-organizing maps (SOM) and decision tree analysis (DT). Both the SOM and DT suggested fish mass and length rather than fat along with _a-HCH, p,p_""-DDT, PCB-74 and PCB-189 to cause variable pollutant uptake among species. Main distinctions of sardines occur in coastal and off coast regions rather than in a particular fishing zone and they are associated with both fish characteristics, levels of _g-HCH and PCBs: _-60, _-105, _-150, _-170, and _-189. The results, mutually compatible or in agreement, could be useful for the design and implementation of the abatement strategies of fish pollution."	 Organochlorine pesticides (OCPs); Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs); Marine fish; Advanced classification.	###
J15261503627	Towards targeted cancer therapy: Aptamer or oncolytic virus?	Abstract Cancer is a leading cause of global mortality. Whilst anticancer awareness programs have increased significantly over the years, scientific research into the development of efficient and specific drugs to target cancerous cells for enhanced therapeutic effects has not received much clinical success. Chemotherapeutic agents are incapable of acting specifically on cancerous cells, thus causing low therapeutic effects accompanied by toxicity to surrounding normal tissues. The search for smart, highly specific and efficient cancer treatments and delivery systems continues to be a significant research endeavor. Targeted cancer therapy is an evolving treatment approach with great promise in enhancing the efficacy of cancer therapies via the delivery of therapeutic agents specifically to and into desired tumor cells using viral or non-viral targeting elements. Viral oncotherapy is an advanced cancer therapy based on the use of oncolytic viruses (OV) as elements to specifically target, replicate and kill malignant cancer cells selectively without affecting surrounding healthy cells. Aptamers, on the other hand, are non-viral targeting elements that are single-stranded nucleic acids with high specificity, selectivity and binding affinity towards their cognate targets. Aptamers have emerged as a new class of bioaffinity targeting elements can be generated and molecularly engineered to selectively bind to diverse targets including proteins, cells and tissues. This article discusses, comparatively, the potentials and impacts of both viral and aptamer-mediated targeted cancer therapies in advancing conventional drug delivery systems through enhanced target specificity, therapeutic payload, bioavailability of the therapeutic agents at the target sites whilst minimizing systemic cytotoxicity. This article emphasizes on effective site-directed targeting mechanisms and efficacy issues that impact on clinical applications.	 Cancer; Targeted cancer therapy; Aptamers; Oncolytic virus; Cell targeting; Pharmaceutical.	###
J17787014373	Coupling scheme of multicomponent sectional equations and Mason equations via transition rate matrix of hygroscopic growth applied to international standard problem No. 44	Most fission products are released into the containment as aerosol particles during severe accidents. In the conventional codes, two sets of equations are used to analyze the aerosol behaviors in the containment. The first set of equations are multicomponent sectional equations, solutions of which are given with the mass concentrations in each discretized section. The multicomponent sectional equations require very large number of sections to remove the numerical diffusion when hygroscopic growth occurs with other aerosol dynamics simultaneously. For efficient calculations, Mason Equations are used to analyze the hygroscopic growth. The solutions of the equations, on the other hand, are given with the radius of an individual particle. Therefore, it is essential to couple the two equations in rigorous manner for efficient analyses on the aerosol behaviors when hygroscopic growth and other aerosol dynamics occur simultaneously. In this paper, we propose a new formulation for the coupling scheme of multicomponent sectional equations and Mason equations. In the formulation, the two equations are coupled via a transition rate matrix obtained by interpolation of the mass distribution within a section for each component in multicomponent sectional equations and the solutions of Mason equations. In order to validate the formulation, it is applied to the simplified GDE to compare with the analytic solutions. The formulation is also applied to international standard problem No. 44 for the validation with experimental data. Computation time for the formulation is also compared with those of the conventional method. With negligible computation burden as additional, the formulation would analyze the aerosol behaviors efficiently, accurately, and stably when hygroscopic growth occurs with other aerosol dynamics simultaneously.	 Severe accident; Aerosol particles; Multicomponent sectional equation; Mason equation; Transition rate matrix; KAEVER.	###
J15825830142	Adsorption of linear alkylbenzene sulfonates on carboxyl modified multi-walled carbon nanotubes	Abstract Understanding of the adsorption behavior of organic pollutants on carbon nanotubes (CNTs) and its governing factors are crucial for the assessment of transport and fate of organic pollutants. This study explored adsorption characteristics of linear alkylbenzene sulfonates (LAS) on carboxyl modified multi-walled carbon nanotubes (CMMWCNTs) and the effect of solution chemistry and temperature on LAS sorption. Results indicted LAS adsorption isotherms to display five distinct regions of sorption at 25_0C and 60_0C. Regardless of temperature, the adsorption isotherm of LAS on the CMMWCNTs was well described using the Freundlich equation. This result indicated heterogeneous distribution of adsorption sites on the CMMWCNT surface. At low initial LAS concentrations, below the critical micelle concentration, (2, 10 and 50 mg L{_-1}) LAS adsorption on the CMMWCNTs followed pseudo second-order kinetics. The highest LAS adsorption was observed at ionic strengths of 1.0 mol L{_-1} for NaCl; and 0.2 mol L{_-1} for both CaCl[2] and MgCl[2]. However, LAS sorption was greatest in the presence of sodium-divalent anion salts and at higher temperatures. These findings are of relevance to the fate and environmental risk of LAS in the presence of CMMWCNTs in high salinity wastewaters or effluents and brackish receiving surface water bodies (e.g., at estuaries).	 Linear alkylbenzene sulfonate; Carbon nanotube; Adsorption; Solution.	###
J1662659911	Chromium isotopic homogeneity between the Moon, the Earth, and enstatite chondrites	Among the elements exhibiting non-mass dependent isotopic variations in meteorites, chromium (Cr) has been central in arguing for an isotopic homogeneity between the Earth and the Moon, thus questioning physical models of Moon formation. However, the Cr isotopic composition of the Moon relies on two samples only, which define an average value that is slightly different from the terrestrial standard. Here, by determining the Cr isotopic composition of 17 lunar, 9 terrestrial and 5 enstatite chondrite samples, we re-assess the isotopic similarity between these different planetary bodies, and provide the first robust estimate for the Moon. In average, terrestrial and enstatite samples show similar _e{54}Cr. On the other hand, lunar samples show variables excesses of {53}Cr and {54}Cr compared to terrestrial and enstatite chondrites samples with correlated _e{53}Cr and _e{54}Cr (per 10,000 deviation of the {53}Cr/{52}Cr and {54}Cr/{52}Cr ratios normalized to the {50}Cr/{52}Cr ratio from the NIST SRM 3112a Cr standard). Unlike previous suggestions, we show for the first time that cosmic irradiation can affect significantly the Cr isotopic composition of lunar materials. Moreover, we also suggest that rather than spallation reactions, neutron capture effects are the dominant process controlling the Cr isotope composition of lunar igneous rocks. This is supported by the correlation between _e{53}Cr and _e{54}Cr, and {150}Sm/{152}Sm ratios. After correction of these effects, the average _e{54}Cr of the Moon is indistinguishable from the terrestrial and enstatite chondrite materials reinforcing the idea of an Earth-Moon-enstatite chondrite system homogeneity. This is compatible with the most recent scenarios of Moon formation suggesting an efficient physical homogenization after a high-energy impact on a fast spinning Earth, and/or with an impactor originating from the same reservoir in the inner proto-planetary disk as the Earth and enstatite chondrites and having similar composition.	 Moon formation; chromium isotopes; cosmogenic effects; enstatite chondrite; neutron.	###
J1496605861	Pyrrolizidine Alkaloid-Protein Adducts: Potential Non-invasive Biomarkers of Pyrrolizidine Alkaloid-Induced Liver Toxicity and Exposure	Pyrrolizidine alkaloids (PAs) are phytochemicals present in hundreds of plant species from different families widely distributed in many geographical regions around the world. PA-containing plants are probably the most common type of poisonous plants affecting livestock, wildlife, and humans. There have been many large-scale human poisonings caused by the consumption of food contaminated with toxic PAs. PAs require metabolic activation to generate pyrrolic metabolites to exert their toxicity. In this study, we developed a novel method to quantify pyrrole-protein adducts present in the blood. This method involves the use of AgNO[3] in acidic ethanol to cleave the thiol linkage of pyrrole-protein (DHP-protein) adducts, and the resulting 7,9-di-C[2]H[5]O-DHP is quantified by HPLC-ES-MS/MS multiple reaction monitoring analysis in the presence of a known quantity of isotopically labeled 7,9-di-C[2]D[5]O-DHP internal standard. Using this method, we determined that diester-type PAs administered to rats produced higher levels of DHP-protein adducts than other types of PAs. The results suggest that DHP-protein adducts can potentially serve as minimally invasive biomarkers of PA exposure.		###
J1493124668	A semi-analytical approach to un-deformed chip boundary theory and cutting force prediction in face-hobbing of bevel gears	Rule-of-thumb based design for cutting tools and machining settings in face-hobbing of bevel gears result in cutting tool failures and quality issues. Lack of a virtual machining environment, to efficiently obtain the instantaneous un-deformed chip geometry and predict cutting forces in face-hobbing, causes undesirable production costs in industries. In the present paper, semi-analytical representation of the projection of the un-deformed chip on the rake face of the cutting blades is presented. The proposed approach is drastically fast and more accurate in comparison with numerical methods and can be implemented in a virtual gear machining environment. The cutting system intricate geometry, multi-axis machine tool kinematic chains and the variant cutting velocity along the cutting edge are taken into consideration to obtain the chip geometry efficiently. Then, cutting forces are predicted during face-hobbing by implementing oblique cutting theory using the derived chip geometry and converting face-hobbing into oblique cutting. The proposed methods are applied on two case studies of face-hobbing of bevel gears, and the chip geometry is derived and the cutting forces are predicted.	 Face-hobbing; Bevel gears; Un-deformed chip; Cutting forces; Virtual.	###
J16302858166	Discovery of a Novel Piperidine-Based Inhibitor of Cholesteryl Ester Transfer Protein (CETP) That Retains Activity in Hypertriglyceridemic Plasma	Herein we describe the discovery and characterization of a novel, piperidine-based inhibitor of cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) with a core structure distinct from other reported CETP inhibitors. A versatile synthesis starting from 4-methoxypyridine enabled an efficient exploration of the SAR, giving a lead molecule with potent CETP inhibition in human plasma. The subsequent optimization focused on improvement of pharmacokinetics and mitigation of off-target liabilities, such as CYP inhibition, whose improvement correlated with increased lipophilic efficiency. The effort led to the identification of an achiral, carboxylic acid-bearing compound 16 (TAP311) with excellent pharmacokinetics in rats and robust efficacy in hamsters. Compared to anacetrapib, the compound showed substantially reduced lipophilicity, had only modest distribution into adipose tissue, and retained potency in hypertriglyceridemic plasma in vitro and in vivo. Furthermore, in contrast to torcetrapib, the compound did not increase aldosterone secretion in human adrenocortical carcinoma cells nor in chronically cannulated rats. On the basis of its preclinical efficacy and safety profile, the compound was advanced into clinical trials.		###
J1602264260	Effect of interface on the thermal mechanical properties of chemically bonded epoxy-silica hybrids	Abstract Chemically bonded epoxy-silica hybrids were prepared by curing the resin diglycidyl ether of bisphenol-A (DEGBA) by a gradual replacement of polyoxypropylenediamine (JeffamineD-400) with _g-aminopropyl-triethoxysilane (APrTS) which was used also as silica developer in the matrix by the sol-gel processing. Surface characteristics of the hybrid films were studied by atomic force microscopy (AFM) and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). Thermal mechanical properties were studied by dynamic mechanical thermal analysis (DMTA), tensile and thermogravimetric analyses. A comparison of this work with the epoxy hybrids prepared under similar conditions but using different silane i.e., aminophenyl-trimethoxysilane (APhTS) enabled us to see the effect of interface provided by the coupling agent on the resulting properties. The stiffer phenyl interface between the epoxy matrix and the silica network in APhTS gave relatively large damping in the tan _d curves, higher increase in the modulus, tensile strength and glass transition temperature (T[g]) and more reduction in the coefficient of thermal expansion in comparison to propyl group from APrTS.	 Epoxies; Silica; Hybrids; Organoalkoxysilanes; Thermal mechanical behavior.	###
J15273447271	Ozonation effects on emerging micropollutants and effluent organic matter in wastewater: characterization using changes of three-dimensional HP-SEC and EEM fluorescence data	The degradation of effluent organic matter (EfOM) in a municipal wastewater treated by ozonation was characterized using the methods of high-performance size-exclusion chromatography (HP-SEC) and excitation/emission matrix (EEM) fluorescence combined with parallel factor analysis (PARAFAC). The removal of 40 diverse trace-level contaminants of emerging concern (CEC) present in the wastewater was determined as well. Ozonation caused a rapid decrease of the absorbance and fluorescence of the wastewater, which was associated primarily with the oxidation of high and low apparent molecular weight (AMW) EfOM fractions. PARAFAC analysis also showed that components C1 and C2 decreased prominently in these conditions. The EfOM fraction of intermediate molecular weight ascribable to a terrestrial humic-like component (C3) tended to be less reactive toward ozone. Relative changes of EEM fluorescence were quantified using F[max] values of PARAFAC-identified components (_$F/F{0}[max]). Unambiguous relationships between _$F/F{0}[max] values and the extent of the degradation of the examined CECs (_$C/C[0]) were established. This allowed correlating main parameters of the _$C/C[0] vs. _$F/F{0}[max] relationships with the rates of oxidation of these CECs. The results demonstrate the potential of online measurements of EEM fluorescence for quantitating effects of ozonation on EfOM and micropollutants in wastewater effluents.		###
J17276362414	Thermal annealing induced modification on structural and optical properties of Cu[2]ZnSnS[4] thin films for solar cell application	The influence of thermal annealing on sol-gel derived Cu[2]ZnSnS[4] (CZTS) thin films was carried out in quartz tubular furnace at different temperature (300-600_0C) for 1__h in the presence of elemental sulfur. The structural studies confirm the formation of tetragonal kesterite CZTS structure along (112) plane and indicate the presence of impurity phases at lower sulfurization temperature. CZTS films revealed high dense morphology with large grain size at 500_0C. The optical band-gap energy decreased from 1.8 to 1.52__eV with the increase in sulfurization temperature. The electrical measurements show p-type conductivity of the films with carrier mobility of 13.12__cm{2}/V.s. The sulfurized CZTS thin film at 500_0C was used for superstrate solar cell structure with Cd-free buffer layer. The solar cell exhibited short-circuit current density of 4.8__mA/cm{2}, open-circuit voltage of 140__mV, fill factor of 0.31 and power conversion efficiency of 0.208% under 100__mW/cm{2} illumination.	 CuZnSnS; Thin films; Grain size; Mobility; Sulfurization; Solar.	###
J16384331221	The DTT proposal. A tokamak facility to address exhaust challenges for DEMO: Introduction and executive summary	As indicated in the European Fusion Roadmap, the main objective of the Divertor Tokamak Test facility (DTT) is to explore alternative power exhaust solutions for DEMO so as to mitigate the risk that the conventional divertor based on detached conditions to be tested on the ITER device cannot be extrapolated to a fusion reactor. The issues to be investigated by DTT include: ~x demonstrate a heat exhaust system capable of withstanding the large load of DEMO in case of inadequate radiated power fraction; ~x close the gaps in the exhaust area that cannot be addressed by present devices; ~x demonstrate that the possible (alternative or complementary) solutions (e.g., advanced divertor configurations or liquid metals) can be integrated in a DEMO device. In this paper, we describe a proposal for such a DTT, presented by ENEA in collaboration with a European team of scientists. The selection of the DTT parameters (a major radius of 2.15 m, an aspect ratio of about 3, an elongation of 1.6-1.8, a toroidal field of 6 T, and a flat top of about 100 s) has been made according to the following specifications: ~x edge conditions as close as possible to DEMO in terms of dimensionless parameters; ~x flexibility to test a wide set of divertor concepts and techniques; ~x compatibility with bulk plasma performance. ~x an upper bound of 500 Meuro for the investment costs. This paper illustrates this DTT proposal showing how the basic machine parameters and concept have been selected so as to make a significant step toward the accomplishment of the power exhaust mission. Previous article in issue Next article in issue 	 Tokamak devices; Divertor;.	###
J16627099965	Environmental influences on cooperation in social dilemmas on networks	Environmental influence on cooperation is a classical topic that is widely applicable to social interactions. Here, we introduce a realistic model which depends on both the payoff and the strategy of the environment. As the strategy of the environment rather than the neighbor is imitated with a probability, the model takes more attention on the comprehensive influence of the nearby neighbors. The simulation results show that the cooperation level can be widely enhanced for the prisoner's dilemma game and the snowdrift game with this environment factor. In this environmental model, the mechanism of the survival of cooperators is deeply studied, and the corresponding results can be derived. Although the survival of cooperators also depends on the formation of the cooperator clusters, the enhancement of the cooperation level can be interpreted as the accumulation effect of the transformation of defection into cooperation. Interestingly, there exists a threshold of the initial fraction of the cooperators, and the cooperation increases significantly when this threshold is reached Moreover, the square cooperative cluster is stable, and robust against different levels of the noise parameter and temptation in the strategy adoption process. This work may shed light on the mechanism of cooperation in the real world.	 Social dilemmas; Cooperation; Environment; Spatial.	###
J1626023387	Origin and Distribution of Grain Dolostone Reservoirs in the Cambrian Longwangmiao Formation, Sichuan Basin, China	Dolostones in the Cambrian Longwangmiao Formation have become one of the most significant gas exploration domains in China. Over a trillion cubic meters of gas reservoirs have been discovered in the Gaoshiti-Moxi area; however, the origins and distribution of the dolostone reservoirs are not well understood. This work discussed the geology and geochemistry of the dolostone reservoirs in the Longwangmiao Formation to determine their origin and distribution. Two understandings are acquired: firstly, a carbonate ramp provided excellent conditions for grain beach deposition, while the presence of a hypersaline lake was favorable for the contemporaneous dolomitization of grain beach deposits. Petrographic and geochemical evidence further confirm that the Longwangmiao dolostone was formed during the contemporaneous stage. Secondly, the reservoir characteristics indicate that the grain beach sediments provide material basis for the development of the Longwangmiao dolostone reservoirs. Reservoir dissolution simulation experiments show that the porosity of the reservoirs was formed by dissolution during contemporaneous and burial stages. The dissolution pores formed during the contemporaneous stage were controlled by sequence interfaces. The large scale dissolution vugs formed during the burial stage subsequently spread along the pre-existing porosity and fracture zones. This study therefore identified that the development of grain dolostone reservoirs in a shallow water ramp under arid climatic conditions generally met the following conditions: (1) reefal beach deposits lay a foundation for reservoir development; (2) superficial conditions are an important determining factor for reservoir porosity; and (3) burial conditions provide environment for porosity preservation and modification.	 Sichuan Basin; Longwangmiao Formation; grain dolostone; meteoric dissolution; buried dissolution; origin of reservoir; distribution of.	###
J15635403138	Optimum Abstraction of Groundwater for Sustaining Groundwater Level and Reducing Irrigation Cost	Adaptation to increasing irrigation cost due to declination of groundwater level is a major challenge in groundwater dependent irrigated region. The objective of this study is to estimate the optimum abstraction of groundwater for irrigation for sustainable management of groundwater resources in Northwest Bangladesh. A data-driven model using a support vector machine (SVM) has been developed to estimate the optimum abstraction of groundwater for irrigation and a multiple-linear regression (MLR)-based model has been developed to estimate the reduction of the irrigation cost due to the elevation of the groundwater level. The application of the SVM model revealed that the groundwater level in the area can be kept within the suction lift of a shallow tube-well by reducing pre-monsoon groundwater-dependent irrigated agriculture by 40%. Adaptive measures, such as reducing the overuse of water for irrigation and rescheduling harvesting, can keep the minimum level of groundwater within the reach of shallow tube-wells by reducing only 10% of groundwater-based irrigated agriculture. The elevation of the groundwater level through those adaptive measures can reduce the irrigation cost by 2.07 _* 10{3} Bangladesh Taka (BDT) per hectare in Northwest Bangladesh, where the crop production cost is increasing due to the decline of the groundwater level. It is expected that the study would help in policy planning for the sustainable management of groundwater resources in the region.		###
J1676069410	Broadband Single-Mode THz Suspended Silicon-On-Glass Waveguide	This letter presents a suspended silicon-on-glass waveguide for broadband single-mode low-loss operation at terahertz frequencies. Measured attenuation constants of the two fabricated waveguides are 0.028 and 0.021 dB/_l[0] (on average) over the operation bandwidths of 420-500 GHz and 500-595 GHz, respectively. The fabrication technique of the waveguide is presented	 integrated optics; microwave photonics; optical fabrication; optical glass; optical losses; optical waveguides; silicon-on-insulator; Si; bandwidth 420.0 GHz to 500.0 GHz; bandwidth 500.0 GHz to 595.0 GHz; broadband single-mode THz suspended.	###
J1694661555	Evaluation of Matrix Effects in a Pulsed Electrolyte Cathode Atmospheric Pressure Discharge Source for Atomic Emission	In sample measurements, matrix effects are unavoidable. The matrix effects are one of the main factors affecting the accuracy of the pulsed electrolyte cathode atmospheric pressure discharge detection system. The stability of sodium, potassium, and magnesium, under optimized parameters is measured; the relative standard deviation of spectral intensity is found to be no more than 2%; and the relative standard deviation of background intensity is less than 2%. The matrix effects on the elements potassium, sodium, and magnesium were studied, and the experiments showed that high concentrations of sodium and potassium interfere with each other. A concentration of 200mgL{_-1} K{+} affected the sodium signal with an enhancement of more than 120%; and the K{+} intensity increased 20% in the presence of a high concentration of 200mL{_-1} Na{+}. In high concentrations of sodium or potassium, the elemental signal for magnesium enhancement was approximately 8%. Sodium, potassium, and magnesium were quantitatively determined using a mixed calibration sample. When sodium, potassium, and magnesium are present at low concentrations in solution, there were no obvious matrix effects. The sodium, potassium, and magnesium in the calibration samples are quantitatively determined. The relative error and precision are less than 3%, and the recoveries are less than 105%. The detection limits for sodium, potassium, and magnesium were found to be 2.1, 3.4, and 92.6_mgL{_-1}, respectively.		###
J1792386443	Tuning of vibration absorbers and Helmholtz resonators based on modal density/overlap parameters of distributed mechanical and acoustic systems	This paper presents a study on the tuning of vibration absorbers and Helmholtz resonators used to control at target resonance frequencies respectively the flexural response of lightly damped distributed structures and the acoustic response of lightly damped cavities subject to broadband stochastic excitations. The vibration and acoustic control effects of these two devices are assessed considering the broadband flexural response and acoustic response of typical structures and enclosures encountered in practical applications, that is: beam, thin plate and thin walled cylinder structures and one-dimensional duct, two-dimensional slender volume, three-dimensional volume enclosures. The herein proposed multi-mode tuning approaches are based on the H[2] cost functions of the total flexural kinetic energy of the three structures and of the total acoustic potential energy of the three enclosures. The H[2] cost functions are defined within finite frequency bands centred at the target structural or acoustic resonance frequencies respectively. A comprehensive overview of the modal density and modal overlap functions for the flexural response of the three structures and for the acoustic response of the three enclosures is also presented to provide physical interpretations and practical guidelines on the performance and applicability of classical single-mode and the proposed multi-mode tuning approaches. The study shows that classical tuning laws can be straightforwardly employed to control the response at low resonance frequencies such that the modal overlap is not greater than one, whereas to control the response at higher resonance frequencies, where the modal overlap is significantly greater than one, the proposed multi-mode tuning approach should be adopted.	 Tuned vibration absorber; Tuned mass damper; Dynamic vibration absorber; Helmholtz resonator; Modal density; Modal.	###
J17135815218	Curing behavior and properties of benzoxazine-co-self-proted phthalonitrile polymers	ABSTRACT A new high-performance copolymer was successfully obtained via concerted catalysis polymerization of mono-functional benzoxazine (P-a) and self-promoted 4-aminophenoxy phthalonitrile (4-APN) monomers. The FTIR and DSC curves of the P-a/4-APN in different blend ratios suggested that the monomer blends can be completely cured without the addition of curing additive. The P-a/4-APN copolymers were cured at relatively lower curing temperatures and time. The TGA curves revealed that the P-a/4-APN copolymers have good thermal stability in terms of T[5], T[10], and char yield. A gradual increase in the glass transition temperature (T[g]) values and decline were seen in the storage modulus as the loading of 4-APN was increased from 10 to 30 wt% in the copolymer. The SEM analyses showed that copolymer's fracture surface is dendritic, showing the stress has been dispersed to a certain extent. The study revealed that the poly(P-a/4-APN) copolymer have much better thermal stabilities than the poly(P-a), and the prepared copolymer can be used as a high-performance thermosetting resin. ~c 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J. Appl. Polym. Sci. 2018, 135, 46578.	 copolymers; glass transition; thermosets.	###
J1714109240	Privacy and false identification risk in geomasking techniques	Recent years have seen an increase in location privacy research, including the application of geomasking procedures. Geographical masks aim to protect privacy and preserve spatial information through the displacement of point data. False identification, or the mistaken association of data with the incorrect person or household, is an unexplored issue in geomasking, despite legal protections against false association. This study introduces a topological framework for assessing identification risk and examines the risk of false identification in four masking techniques: random perturbation, donut masking, and the newer Voronoi and MGRS masking techniques. While Voronoi masking is found to best preserve the clustering properties of a sample of urban foreclosure data, the other three masking techniques result in better protection against correct and false identification.		###
J1810162025	Automatic and efficient fault detection in rotating machinery using sound signals	Vibration and acoustic emission have received great attention of the research community for condition-based maintenance in rotating machinery. Several signal processing algorithms were either developed or used efficiently to detect and classify faults in bearings and gears. These signals are recorded, using sensors like tachometer or accelerometer, connected directly or mounted very close to the system under observation. This is not a feasible option in case of complex machinery and/or temperature and humidity. Therefore, it is required to sense the signals remotely, in order to reduce installation and maintenance cost. However, its installation far away from the intended device may pollute the required signal with other unwanted signals. In an attempt to address these issues, sound signal-based fault detection and classification in rotating bearings is presented. In this research work, audible sound of machine under test is captured using a single microphone and different statistical, spectral and spectro-temporal features are extracted. The selected features are then analyzed using different machine learning techniques, such as K-nearest neighbor (KNN) classifier, support vector machine (SVM), kernel liner discriminant analysis (KLDA) and sparse discriminant analysis (SDA). Simulation results show successful classification of faults into ball fault, inner and outer race faults. Best results were achieved using the KLDA followed by SDA, KNN and SVM. As far as features are concerned, the average FFT outperformed all the other features, followed by average PSD, RMS values of PSD, PSD and STFT.	 Acoustic signal analysis, Condition-based maintenance, Time domain analysis, Frequency domain analysis, Machine.	###
J17101163137	Total reflection X-ray Fluorescence determination of interfering elements rubidium and uranium by profile fitting	Systematic studies to assess the analytical parameters obtained in the total reflection X-ray fluorescence (TXRF) determinations of interfering elements Rb and U using profile fitting are reported in the present manuscript. The X-ray lines Rb K_a and U L_a having serious spectral interference (_DE = 218 eV), have been used as analytical lines. The intensities of these X-ray lines have been assessed using profile fitting. In order to compare the analytical results of Rb determinations in presence of U, with and without U excitation, synchrotron radiation was tuned to energy just above and below the U L[abs] edge. This approach shall excite both Rb K_a and U L_a simultaneously and Rb K_a selectively. Finally, the samples were also analyzed with a laboratory based TXRF spectrometer. The analytical results obtained in all these conditions were comparable. The authenticity of the results was assessed by analyzing U with respect to Rb in Rb[2]U(SO[4])[3], a standard reference material for U. The average precision obtained for TXRF determinations was below 3% (RSD, n = 3, 1_s) and the percent deviation of TXRF values from the expected values calculated on the basis of sample preparation was within 3%.		###
J14533216230	Performance Assessment of Hard Rock TBM and Rock Boreability Using Punch Penetration Test	Rock indentation tests are often called punch penetration tests and are known to be related to penetration rates of drilling equipment and hard rock tunnel boring machines (TBMs). Various indices determined from analysis of the force-penetration plot generated from indentation tests have been used to represent the drillability, boreability, and brittleness of rocks. However, no standard for the punch penetration test procedure or method for calculating the related indices has been suggested or adopted in the rock mechanics community. This paper introduces new indices based on the punch test to predict the performance of hard rock TBMs. A series of punch tests was performed on rock specimens representing six rock formations in Korea with different dimensions, i.e., the core specimens had different lengths and diameters. Of the indices obtained from the punch tests, the peak load index and mean load index showed good correlations with the cutting forces measured in full-scale linear cutting machine tests on the same rock types. The indices also showed good linear correlations with the ratio of uniaxial strength to Brazilian tensile strength, which indicates the brittleness of rock. The scale effect of using core specimens was investigated, and a preferred dimension for the punch test specimens is proposed. This paper also discusses the results of the punch test and full-scale rock cutting tests using LCM. The results of this study confirm that the proposed indices from the punch tests can be used to provide a reliable prediction of the cutting forces that act on a disc cutter. The estimated cutting forces can then be used for optimization of cutter-head design and performance prediction of hard rock TBMs.		###
J1700214942	Selecting Equivalent Strength for Intact Rocks in Heterogeneous Rock Masses	"Many surface and underground structures are constructed in heterogeneous rock formations. These formations have a combination of weak and strong rock layers. Due to the alternation of the weak and strong layers, selecting the equivalent and appropriate geomechanical parameters for these formations is challenging. One of these problems is choosing the equivalent strength (i.e., uniaxial compressive strength) of intact rock for a group of rocks. Based on the volume of weak and strong parts and their strength, the equivalent strength of heterogeneous rocks changes. Marinos and Hoek (Bull Eng Geol Environ 60(2):85-92, 2001) presented the _6weighted average method~"" for defining the uniaxial compressive strength (UCS) of heterogeneous rock masses based on the volume of weak and strong parts. Laubscher (1977) used the volume ratio of the strength of a weak part to a strong part (UCS weak/UCS strong) to determine the equivalent strength. In this study, the two methods are compared and their validity is evaluated by experimental data and numerical analyses. The geomechanical parameters of two heterogeneous formations (Aghajari and Lahbari) in the west of Iran were estimated using these methods. The results of the present study obtained through numerical analyses using particle flow code are compared with those of previous studies and discussed. Laboratory and numerical results show UCS decrease and approach to weak strength with an increasing in volume of weak part. When strength ratio of strong to weak rock increase, equivalent strength decrease more severely. The findings show that Laubscher's method gives more appropriate results than the weighted average method."	 Heterogeneous rocks, Uniaxial compressive strength, Weighted average method, GSI, Geomechanical parameters, Numerical analysis,.	###
J17228929191	Using Data Analysis To Evaluate and Compare Chemical Syntheses	We present ChemPager, a freely available tool for systematically evaluating chemical syntheses. By processing and visualizing chemical data, the impact of past changes is uncovered and future work guided. The tool calculates commonly used metrics such as process mass intensity (PMI), Volume-Time Output, and production costs. Also, a set of scores is introduced aiming to measure crucial but elusive characteristics such as process robustness, design, and safety. Our tool employs a hierarchical data layout built on common software for data entry (Excel, Google Sheets, etc.) and visualization (Spotfire). With all project data being stored in one place, cross-project comparison and data aggregation becomes possible as well as cross-linking with other data sources or visualizations.		###
J17384963385	Hydraulic modeling of a segment of the EU DEMO HCPB breeding blanket back supporting structure	The Helium-Cooled Pebble Bed (HCPB) concept for the Breeding Blanket (BB) of the EU DEMO tokamak reactor is under development at KIT within the EUROfusion consortium. Although the coolant distribution inside the blanket manifolds has been investigated in the past using 3D CFD models, such detailed analysis could not be extended to investigate the behavior of all blanket segments as a whole. Thus, for system-level analyses, lumped-parameter models are used, which exploit 0D/1D simplifications of the physics. This work presents the development of a 1D thermal-hydraulic (TH) model for the HCPB Back Supporting Structure (BSS). To validate such model, an experimental campaign is foreseen in 2018 in the HELOKA facility at KIT, in which a scaled-down mock-up of a segment of the BSS, which is dimensioned according to the facility working conditions, will be tested. Using the results of CFD simulations on full-size and mock-up, a first successful comparison between 3D and 1D results is presented. The 1D model is developed in such a way to allow a smooth integration in the GETTHEM code, which is under development at PoliTo, for the TH simulation of the entire tokamak.	 DEMO; Breeding blanket; HCPB; Back supporting structure; Thermal-hydraulics;.	###
J17011830134	AgInO[2] nanoparticles: Novel solvent-free synthesis, characterization, and their visible-light-induced photocatalytic activities	The current study presents a successful synthesis of AgInO[2] (AIO) nanostructures via a novel, green, and low-cost solid-state thermal decomposition route for the first time. Prepared silver (I) salicylate, _(Ag(HSal)_), was utilized as a new appropriate precursor to obtain AgInO[2] nanostructures. As-synthesized samples were characterized by XRD, SEM, FTIR, DRS, XPS, and EDS. Furthermore, the efficiency of AIO nanoparticles as a photocatalyst for the decolorization of rhodamine B (RhB) under visible-light irradiation was evaluated. The synthesized AIO nanoparticles exhibited a remarkable photocatalytic activity and in the presence of AIO, 99.99% degradation of RhB was obtained after 210 min. A preliminary feasibility study on the development of a solar cell having the FTO/AIO/CdS/Pt-FTO and FTO/TiO[2]/AIO/Pt-FTO structures was also investigated.		###
J1569045556X	Diverse and multistage Mo, Au, Ag-Pb-Zn and Cu deposits in the Xiong'er Terrane, East Qinling: From Triassic Cu mineralization	Abstract The Xiong'er Terrane is one of the representative regions in East Qinling Orogenic Belt. Various polymetallic deposits have been discovered in the Xiong'er Terrane, such as porphyry Mo, carbonatite-hosted type Mo, quartz-vein type Mo, breccia-pipes type Au and orogenic-type Au, Ag-Pb-Zn deposits, indicating that diverse significant mineralization occurred in the Xiong'er Terrane. Recently, numerous Cu deposits have been observed in the Xiong'er Terrane. Xianglugou is a quartz vein-type copper mineralization which was discovered in Xiayu district, southern of the Xiong'er Terrane. Four chalcopyrite samples from Xianglugou yield Re-Os isochron age of 230 _+ 31 Ma (2_s, MSWD = 0.8). This is the first evidence for Triassic Cu mineralization in the Xiong'er Terrane. This not only shows the Xiong'er Terrane contains considerable Mo, Au and Ag-Pb-Zn reserve, but also indicates that there is a great potential of Cu mineralization. The discoverable Cu mineralization can further emphasize the significance of the widespread Triassic mineralization and widened exploration ideas and goals in the future in the Xiong'er Terrane. The Xiong'er Terrane experienced three polymetallic mineralization events including Paleoproterozoic, Triassic and Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous deposits during the Qinling Orogen evolution. These metallogenic events may be related to multiple tectonic events. The Paleoproterozoic mineralization was associated with the continental outgrowth occurred along the southern margin of the North China Craton before 1760 Ma. The Triassic Cu mineralization may be associated with the northward subduction of the North Qinling Orogen beneath the Huaxiong Block during the collision between North China Craton and Yangtze Craton. Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous mineralization perhaps caused by decompressional extension of the Qinling Orogenic belts and the North China Craton intense destruction and lithospheric thinning, which is now generally related to the westward subduction of paleo-Pacific plate.	 Multistage mineralization events; Xianglugou Cu deposit; Triassic; Xiong'er Terrane; East Qinling.	###
J1628066857	Investigations on synthesis, growth and physicochemical properties of semi-organic NLO crystal bis(thiourea) ammonium nitrate for nonlinear frequency conversion	Bis(thiourea) ammonium nitrate (BTAN), a new nonlinear optical crystal was grown successfully by slow evaporation technique using water as solvent at room temperature. The grown crystals were optically good quality with dimensions upto 10 _* 6 _* 3 mm{3}. Single crystal X-Ray diffraction analysis reveals that the crystal lattice is orthorhombic. From Powder X-ray diffraction analysis the diffraction planes have been indexed. The presence of the various functional groups of BTAN was identified through FTIR spectroscopic analysis. UV cut-off wavelength was observed from optical absorbance spectrum and it was found to be 240 nm. Second harmonic efficiency was determined using Kurtz powder method in comparison with KDP to confirm the nonlinearity of the material. Thermal analysis confirmed that grown crystal is thermally stable upto 184_0C. Microhardness studies show that hardness number (Hv) increases with load. Conductivity measurements such as dielectric, ac and photoconductivity were studied. Growth mechanism and surface features of the as grown single crystal was analysed by chemical etching analysis.	 Semi-organic; UV-vis_/NIR; Thermal; Electrical properties; Second harmonic generation; Vicker's.	###
J15761360264	On room-temperature quasi-elastic mechanical behaviour of bulk metallic glasses	Abstract Uniaxial compression is used to apply cyclic loading within the elastic range to samples of Zr[61]Cu[27]Fe[2]Al[10] bulk metallic glass (BMG). The results are twofold. On one hand the microhardness measured on the end-faces of the samples shows an increase of ~/8% together with a slight gradual increase in the Young's modulus after the 2nd cycle. This appears similar to hardening induced by elastic cycling in nanoindentation. The microhardness measured in the centre of the sample or on the side faces of the BMG samples show little or no change as a result of cyclic loading. These results suggest that the apparent hardening of the end-faces is a surface effect attributed, not to relaxation, but to a build-up of anelastic strain, associated with local anisotropy and stresses arising from uneven loading of the samples. This is confirmed by the decay of the apparent hardening after a several days of natural ageing at room temperature. On the other hand an effect similar to structure rejuvenation takes place in the central part of the samples leading to higher specific heat capacity of the cycled samples, larger crystallization and relaxation enthalpies.	 Bulk metallic glass; Elastic cycling; Anelastic strain;.	###
J17561636403	Design and analysis of a novel walking vehicle based on leg mechanism with variable topologies	In order to improve the adaptability of one-degree-of-freedom leg mechanism to unknown terrains while maintaining its control simplicity, energy efficiency and integral rigidity, a novel close-chain mechanism with variable topological structures is proposed to act as a single leg to generate different gaits. The design process of the closed kinematic chain is completed by integrating two types of mechanical joints. Besides, the kinematics of the single leg under two modes is analyzed using vector loop method, and the particular structure of the leg mechanism is designed with optimized parameters. The topological states are represented with graphs and a matrix. Moreover, the whole close-chain legged unit and the walking vehicle are developed and constructed. In particular, to evaluate the crossing ability, this paper proposes the obstacle-surmounting probability. A series of dynamic walking simulations is conducted and analyzed to support the obstacle-surmounting capability and mobility comparison. Legged units are fabricated to verify the theoretical analysis, and walking experiments with a multi-legged vehicle are performed to testify the prototype performance.	 Multi-legged vehicle; Close-chain mechanism; Trajectory flexibility; Mechanism with variable topologies; Obstacle-surmounting probability; Structural.	###
J16714668380	Magnetic and dielectric behavior of praseodymium substituted barium hexaferrite	Magnetic and dielectric properties of barium hexaferrite doped with praseodymium at different calcination temperatures have been investigated. Sol gel auto-combustion method was used to synthesize Ba[1-x]Pr[x]Co[x]Fe[12-x]O[19] (x = 0.4). Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR), thermo-gravimetry analysis (TGA), X-ray diffraction (XRD), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), vibrating sample magnetometer (VSM) and dielectric spectroscopy have been used to characterize the synthesized M-type hexaferrite. Analysis of FTIR, TGA and XRD results, confirmed the complete formation of M-type hexagonal phase with average crystallite size lying in the range 38 _+ 5 nm. VSM analysis revealed the increase of coercivity, retentivity, and saturation magnetization at higher calcination temperature but under same condition decrease in the values of dielectric constant and tangent loss is observed by dielectric spectroscopy. On the basis of obtained results, Ba[1- x]Pr[x]Co[x]Fe[12-x]o[19] (x = 0.4) calcinated at 800_0C is being proposed as a harder magnetic material for manufacturing permanent magnets.	 M-type barium hexaferrite; Sol-gel auto-combustion method; Magnetic properties; Dielectric.	###
J1725361345	Thermal history driven molecular structure transitions in alumino-borosilicate glass	The glass network structure governs various thermos-physical properties such as viscosity, thermal, and electrical conductivities, and crystallization kinetics. We investigated the effect of temperature on structural changes in a Na[2]O-CaO-Al[2]O[3]-SiO[2]-B[2]O[3] glass system using {27}Al MAS NMR spectroscopy. Around the glass transition temperature, most of aluminate structures exist as AlO[4], acting as a glass former. When the temperature is above the melt crystallization temperature, the AlO[4] structure is drastically decreased and glass structures are mainly composed of AlO[5] and AlO[6], acting as glass modifiers. Thermodynamic assessment based on Gibbs energy minimization was used to confirm the dependency of aluminate structure's amphoteric characteristic on temperature by calculating the site fraction of aluminate molecular structures at different temperatures. Temperature-induced aluminate structural variation can also influence silicate and borate structural changes, which have been confirmed by the {29}Si and {11}B NMR spectra	 glass network; molecular structure; solid-state MAS NMR; structural variations; temperature effect.	###
J1732145784	Dynamic security metrics for measuring the effectiveness of moving target defense techniques	Moving Target Defense (MTD) utilizes granularity, flexibility and elasticity properties of emerging networking technologies in order to continuously change the attack surface. There are many different MTD techniques proposed in the past decade to thwart cyberattacks. Due to the diverse range of different MTD techniques, it is of paramount importance to assess and compare their effectiveness. However, each technique causes distinct (dynamic) changes in the network, making an objective comparison difficult. In this paper, we incorporate MTD techniques into a temporal graph-based graphical security model, and develop a new set of dynamic security metrics to assess and compare their effectiveness. To this end, we first categorize and compare different attack and defense efforts. Second, we describe the temporal graph-based graphical security model to capture dynamic changes made by various MTD techniques in the network. We then develop a new set of security metrics for attack and defense efforts to evaluate the effectiveness of the MTD techniques. We implement two different MTD techniques, namely network topology shuffle and software diversity, and show their effectiveness against a targeted attack scenario in our experimental analysis. The results demonstrate that the proposed dynamic security metrics can capture different properties of MTD techniques, permitting a more fine-grained comparison and offering guidance for selecting the most effective MTD technique.	 Emerging networking technology; Moving target defense; Security analysis; Security metric; Security.	###
J16328881556	Flash nanoprecipitation of poly(styrene-co-acrylonitrile) nanospheres and their amidoximation for uranium sorption	In this study, a series of spherical poly(styrene-co-acrylonitrile) (P(St-co-AN)) nanoparticles were prepared using flash nanoprecipitation method. TEM images illustrated the controllability of grain sizes by adjusting the feeding initial concentration of copolymer. The as obtained nanoparticles were followed with the amidoximation with hydroxylamine. The amidoximated P(St-co-AN) copolymer nanoparticles showed a good uranium adsorption capacity of 37.67 mg g{_-1} at pH 1.5.		###
J16287573135	Evaluating the Origin of Seepage Water in the Golgohar Iron Mine, Iran	The Golgohar mine produces iron ore from an open pit in south-central Iran that is now more than 100 m below the water table, and dewatering has not solved the mine's water seepage problem. Previous studies had reported that Kheirabad (Sirjan) Playa, 13 km north of the mine, was the most probable groundwater source. A combination of geological, hydrogeological, hydrochemical, and isotopic techniques were used to evaluate the hydraulic connectivity between the mine and the lake, and to characterize the probable water sources. Thirty-two surface and groundwater samples were collected and analyzed for major and minor (Li, B, and Br) constituents. Ten water samples were analyzed for oxygen-18 and deuterium and three samples were analyzed for tritium. The results indicated that impermeable formations and very low-permeability alluvial deposits lie between lake and the pit. In addition, the chemical and isotopic signatures of the two water sources indicated different origins. Inverse geochemical modeling and the mine water's isotopic signatures suggest that the water is coming from the surrounding alluvial aquifer, or is deep basin water from within the fractured bedrock, or a mixture of the two.	 Kheirabad playa, Hydrogeological connectivity, Hydrochemical and isotopic techniques, Geochemical.	###
J15897025300	Oligo(p-phenylene ethynylene) with Cyanoacrylate Terminal Groups and Graphene Composite as Fluorescent Chemical Sensor for Cysteine	A chemical sensor for cysteine (Cys) was fabricated based on a fluorescent oligo(p-phenylene ethynylene)s (OPEs) and OPE-graphene oxide (GO) composite. OPE with cyanoacrylate terminal groups were synthesized by a Pd-catalyzed Sonogashira coupling reaction and Knoevenagel condensation for use as a chemical sensor for Cys. The optical properties and Cys sensing capability of the cyanoacrylate modified OPE and OPE-GO composite were investigated. In addition of Cys, the fluorescence of OPE was blue-shifted and decreased (fluorescence turn-off), while the fluorescence of the OPE-GO composite was enhanced (fluorescence turn-on). Thus, OPE with cyanoacrylate terminal groups and OPE-GO composite acts a highly sensitive fluorescent chemical sensor for Cys.	 Fluorescent chemical sensor, Conjugated oligomers, Cysteine, Cyanoacrylate terminal.	###
J16167942133	Hamiltonian numbers in oriented graphs	A hamiltonian walk of a digraph is a closed spanning directed walk with minimum length in the digraph. The length of a hamiltonian walk in a digraph D is called the hamiltonian number of D, denoted by h(D). In Chang and Tong (J Comb Optim 25:694-701, 2013), Chang and Tong proved that for a strongly connected digraph D of order n, n _< h (D) _< ~ (n+1){2} ~|4 ~, and characterized the strongly connected digraphs of order n with hamiltonian number ~ (n+1){2} ~|4 ~. In the paper, we characterized the strongly connected digraphs of order n with hamiltonian number ~ (n+1){2} ~|4 ~ - 1 and show that for any triple of integers n, k and t with n _> 5, n _> k _> 3 and t _> 0, there is a class of nonisomorphic digraphs with order n and hamiltonian number n (n - k + 1) - t.	 Hamiltonian number, Digraph, Orientation, 05C45, 05C38,.	###
J17585039316	Numerical and experimental comparison of tracer particle and averaging techniques for particle velocities in a fluidized bed	"Particle tracking methods using emitted radiation are attractive for following motion in opaque systems such as granular materials. Leading examples are Positron Emission Particle Tracking (PEPT) and Radioactive Particle Tracking (RPT). The application of such techniques sometimes requires the use of tracer particles which differ in size, density and/or shape from the particles of interest. This study investigates the extent to which such differences affect the result of the study by using the open source MFIX-DEM software to model particle motion in the travelling fluidized bed experiments. The results are compared with previously reported experimental studies using both PEPT and RPT. Consistent numerical results were obtained for both PEPT and RPT tracer particles. In determining averaged velocities using such techniques, there is a choice to be made between averaging velocities of particles crossing a virtual plane over a period of time (the _6face-average~"" approach) or those passing through a defined volume over time (the _6volume-average~"" approach). The differences between results obtained with these two approaches are shown to be significant in this case, for both computation and experiment."	 Fluidized bed; Particle tracking; Particle velocity; Numerical.	###
J1653712X40	Dynamic ride-sharing and fleet sizing for a system of shared autonomous vehicles in Austin, Texas	Shared autonomous (fully-automated) vehicles (SAVs) represent an emerging transportation mode for driverless and on-demand transport. Early actors include Google and Europe's CityMobil2, who seek pilot deployments in low-speed settings. This work investigates SAVs' potential for U.S. urban areas via multiple applications across the Austin, Texas, network. This work describes advances to existing agent- and network-based SAV simulations by enabling dynamic ride-sharing (DRS, which pools multiple travelers with similar origins, destinations and departure times in the same vehicle), optimizing fleet sizing, and anticipating profitability for operators in settings with no speed limitations on the vehicles and at adoption levels below 10% of all personal trip-making in the region. Results suggest that DRS reduces average service times (wait times plus in-vehicle travel times) and travel costs for SAV users, even after accounting for extra passenger pick-ups, drop-offs and non-direct routings. While the base-case scenario (serving 56,324 person-trips per day, on average) suggest that a fleet of SAVs allowing for DRS may result in vehicle-miles traveled (VMT) that exceed person-trip miles demanded (due to anticipatory relocations of empty vehicles, between trip calls), it is possible to reduce overall VMT as trip-making intensity (SAV membership) rises and/or DRS users become more flexible in their trip timing and routing. Indeed, DRS appears critical to avoiding new congestion problems, since VMT may increase by over 8% without any ride-sharing. Finally, these simulation results suggest that a private fleet operator paying $70,000 per new SAV could earn a 19% annual (long-term) return on investment while offering SAV services at $1.00 per mile for a non-shared trip (which is less than a third of Austin's average taxi cab fare).		###
J16259065147	Holography of the QGP Reynolds number	The viscosity of the Quark-Gluon Plasma (QGP) is usually described holographically by the entropy-normalized dynamic viscosity _h/s. However, other measures of viscosity, such as the kinematic viscosity _n and the Reynolds number Re, are often useful, and they too should be investigated from a holographic point of view. We show that a simple model of this kind puts an upper bound on Re for nearly central collisions at a given temperature; this upper bound is in very good agreement with the observational lower bound (from the RHIC facility). Furthermore, in a holographic approach using only Einstein gravity, _h/s does not respond to variations of other physical parameters, while _n and Re can do so. In particular, it is known that the magnetic fields arising in peripheral heavy-ion collisions vary strongly with the impact parameter b, and we find that the holographic model predicts that _n and Re can also be expected to vary substantially with the magnetic field and therefore with b.		###
J1619816350	Separation of Parent Homopolymers from Nonpolar Block Copolymers by Means of Liquid Chromatography under Limiting Conditions of Enthalpic Interactions	Parent homopolymers are baseline-separated from the block copolymers with nonpolar arms in a single step with the help of liquid chromatography under limiting conditions of enthalpic interactions. The small differences in the chain solubility are employed to apparently originate two similar but independent liquid chromatography retention mechanisms, enthalpic partition (absorption) and phase separation (precipitation). For the first time, the option is demonstrated to separate a complex polymer system with a tandem of two independent liquid chromatography procedures.	 block copolymers; liquid chromatography; separation of parent.	###
J17439644111	Enhanced solubility of carbon dioxide for encapsulated ionic liquids in polymeric materials	Ionic liquids (ILs) as the solvents for carbon dioxide (CO[2]), with high capacity and selectivity, are promising candidates for CO[2] capture. Developing methods such as microencapsulation that enable the cost-effective and regenerable operation using ILs-based absorbent is of paramount importance to carbon capture and management technologies. In this study, we investigated the feasibility of IL encapsulation within a polymeric shell and evaluated the performance of the capsules in CO[2] absorption from the gas phase. We learned that encapsulation enhances the intrinsic capacity of an ionic liquid in CO[2] sorption. The proper choice of chemistry for the polymeric matrix and the high specific surface area of the capsules allows the encapsulated ILs to outperform their liquid counterpart. We report unprecedented recyclability, encapsulation retention, and absorption capacity for the encapsulated IL absorbent designed for CO[2] sorption. We observed a synergistic effect on the CO[2] absorption capacity of the capsules as a result of using a fluorine-containing polymer.	 Carbon capture; Ionic liquid; Fluoropolymer; Microencapsulation; Enhanced.	###
J1643574210X	LEDs for lighting: Basic physics and prospects for energy savings	"In 2014, Isamu Akasaki, Hiroshi Amano, and Shuji Nakamura received the Nobel Prize in Physics for _6the invention of efficient blue light-emitting diodes which has enabled bright and energy-saving white light sources~"". Indeed, in the recent years, Light-Emitting Diodes (LEDs) have progressively made their way to the home lighting market, as well as to other mass markets. This article aims at giving an insight on LEDs physics, on the key inventions that led to the 2014 Nobel Prize and on the prospects for energy savings that LEDs could allow."	 LED; Semiconductor; Lighting;.	###
J17861753103	An efficient preparation of 1,2-dihydropyridazines through a Diels-Alder/palladium-catalysed elimination sequence	A convenient, scalable synthesis of 1,2-dihydropyridazines is presented, based on the Diels-Alder cycloaddition of 1-acetoxy-1,3-butadiene with a variety of azo compounds, followed by a palladium-catalysed elimination. The products are produced on multigram scale and the new method is particularly efficient and atom-economical when compared with previous preparations of 1,2-dihydropyridazines.	 Heterocycles; Cycloadditions; Dihydropyridazine;.	###
J15458005666	Acute cytotoxic effects of marketed ophthalmic formulations on human corneal epithelial cells	Abstract The purpose of the study was to devise a fast, reliable and sensitive cell viability assay for assessment of acute cytotoxicity on human corneal epithelial cells by using a clinically relevant exposure time. Acute cytotoxic effects of the pharmaceutical excipients benzalkonium chloride (BAC), macrogolglycerol hydroxystearate (MGHS40), polysorbate 80 (PS80) and marketed ophthalmic formulations (Lumigan{}, Monoprost{}, Taflotan{}, Travatan{}, Xalatan{}) containing these excipients were tested. Human corneal epithelial cell (HCE-T) viability was assessed by measuring the reduction of resazurin to highly fluorescent resorufin. Expression of the tight junction proteins in HCE-T cells were characterized by immunofluorescence staining. Presence of tight junction proteins in HCE-T cells was demonstrated. BAC preserved ophthalmic formulations showed concentration-dependent and time-dependent cytotoxicity to human corneal epithelium. In contrast, no acute cytotoxicity of non-ionic stabilizing/solubilizing excipients (MGSH40 and PS80) or ophthalmic formulation containing these excipients was observed. Marketed ophthalmic formulations used for glaucoma medication show differential toxicity on human corneal epithelial cells. The present study revealed that BAC-preserved ophthalmic formulations were able to induce acute cytotoxic effects even during a clinically relevant exposure time, which was not observed with MGSH40 and PS80 excipients or ophthalmic formulations containing these excipients.	 Cornea; Cytotoxicity; Pharmaceutical excipient; Ophthalmic.	###
J1549243227X	Bile acids combined with fecal sterols: a multiple biomarker approach for deciphering fecal pollution using river sediments	Purpose. Fecal sterols (FSs) and bile acids (BAs) are biomarkers that can be used to track sewage pollution. These biomarkers offer an alternative to microbiological analyses, which have several weaknesses, including a lack of specificity. FSs are recognized fecal biomarkers, but there are very few studies showing the use of BAs as a fecal tracer, especially in river sediments, to the best of our knowledge. Thus, the aim of this work was to determine the response of BAs as an alternative biomarker of fecal pollution in parallel to FSs in freshwater sediments and use both biomarker groups to decipher the potential fecal pollution sources in a subtropical river. Materials and methods. Eight BAs and six FSs were extracted from sediments of the Iguassu River, southern Brazil, and analyzed by GC-MS. Results and discussion. Among the sterols, coprostanol was dominant (20-4488 _mg g{_-1}), followed by stigmastanol (8.67-1788 _mg g{_-1}) and cholesterol (4.64-881 _mg g{_-1}). 3_a-Deoxycholic acid (3_a-DCA) was the predominant BA (1.63-871 _mg g{_-1}), followed by 3_a-lithocholic acid (3_a-LCA) (1.77-170 _mg g{_-1}). The trends of the total BA and FS contents were different. Very few correlations between the individual BAs and FSs were found, probably due to their different environmental transformation processes and origins, whether animal or human. This watershed encompasses a mixture of land uses, including agricultural applications involving manure and composted sewage sludge as fertilizers and urban occupation, including several treated and untreated sewage discharges. When FS ratios were applied, most sites tested positive for human fecal pollution. Different ratios using secondary and primary BAs were assessed, e.g., (3_b-LCA + 3_a-LCA)/(3_b-DCA + 3_a-DCA), 3_a-LCA/3_a-DCA, and 3_a-DCA/CDA. Most ratios detected the influences of different land uses and inputs along the river, including treated and untreated sewage. Furthermore, at the site considered to have moderate fecal pollution, the ratios were in contrast to those obtained from the sites with heavier fecal pollution. Conclusions. Bile acids and fecal sterols were successfully applied to decipher different origins of fecal pollution using sediments. The contents of individual BAs and derived ratios detected the different land uses and inputs along the river, distinguishing regions with low to high fecal pollution. In general, BAs and FSs did not appear to be strongly related, individually, or as a ratio. However, each compound class provides different information, and using both provides a clearer picture of the potential sources of fecal pollution, especially for a mixed land use region.		###
J16610749147	Effects of ultrasonic nanocrystal surface modification on the wear and micropitting behavior of bearing steel in boundary lubricated steel-steel contacts	An ultrasonic nanocrystal surface modification (UNSM) technique has been used to treat AISI 52100 steel specimens and thrust ball bearing raceways. Tribological performances of untreated specimens were compared to UNSM-treated specimens in reciprocating sliding and rolling/sliding contact under boundary lubricated conditions. Friction and wear coefficients, micropitting, and changes in surface profiles and surface roughness of the specimens were studied. Results showed that UNSM treated specimens had higher wear and micropitting resistance than the untreated specimens. The improvements in wear and micropitting resistance may be attributed to increased surface hardness, refined grain sizes and compressive residual stress near surface region as a result of UNSM treatment. The UNSM technique has been proven to be a powerful tool to improve the durability and tribological performance of contacting surfaces of mechanical components such as bearings, gears, and seals.	 UNSM; Rolling-sliding; Wear;.	###
J17280130166	Linear output regulation with dynamic optimization for uncertain linear over-actuated systems	This paper considers the linear output regulation problem for uncertain over-actuated plants. The general form of input redundancy considered in this work implies the existence of multiple control inputs and state trajectories compatible with a prescribed reference for the output. On-line selection, according to certain performance criteria, of the most suitable of these inputs-state trajectories leads to a linear output regulation problem with dynamic redundancy allocation. We present a solution that augments the well known internal model control scheme with two additional dynamical systems. The first one, named annihilator, parametrizes the inputs and the corresponding state trajectories that are invisible from the output. The second one, named redundancy allocator, dynamically selects the best solution according to a predefined performance criterion. We derive explicit solutions for the performance criterion equal to relaxed 1, 2, and _8- norms of the plant input. This set-up is a particular case of the dynamic redundancy allocation problem named dynamic input allocation. The proposed solutions can be implemented in an error feedback form and are especially suitable for optimizing sparsity, power and amplitude of the control input. Finally, structural stability, robustness and existence of a unique steady-state are proven.	 Linear output regulation; Dynamic input allocation; Optimization; Uncertain.	###
J17330715243	Damage recovery and dopant migration of Eu{+} ion implanted KTiOAsO[4] crystals	Damage formation and annealing of Eu implanted KTiOAsO[4] crystals is investigated. Ion implantation was done with 400__keV Eu{2+} ions and an ion fluence of 5___*__10{15}__ions/cm{2} at room temperature. The damage of as-implanted and annealed samples was analysed by Rutherford backscattering spectrometry in channelling configuration using 2.1__MeV He{+} ions. After implantation, a thick RBS-amorphous layer is obtained. The damage in the Eu{2+} implanted KTiOAsO[4] layer decreases significantly after annealing at 700_0__C for 30__min in Ar atmosphere. Interestingly, the Eu peak firstly migrated to the surface after annealing at 600_0__C for 30__min, and then appeared narrower after annealing at 700_0__C for 30__min. Furthermore, arsenic loss by evaporation and titanium enrichment at the surface are observed during the annealing process.	 Rutherford backscattering spectrometry; Europium migration; Arsenic evaporation; Titanium.	###
J17254326156	Francis turbine draft tube parameterization and analysis of performance characteristics using CFD techniques	The present paper focuses on the parameterization of the draft tube elbow based on the initial geometry of the GAMM Francis turbine model. The goal was to obtain a draft tube geometry that improves the hydrodynamic performance. For this purpose, CFD analyzes were carried out, considering the GAMM Francis turbine pre-distributor, distributor and rotor geometry, and different parameterized draft tube geometries. Related to the draft tube parameterization methodology, it has modified the generatrix geometry of the elbow that defines its contour. Three types of curves were used to define the elbow contour geometry: logarithmic spiral format curve, circle arc format curve and denominated hyperbolic spiral curve. These curves and their combinations were used to define the elbow contour in the longitudinal plane, resulted in four draft tubes geometries. The numerical results were compared with experimental results, showing good conformity. The efficiency of the Francis turbine was higher for the four draft tubes of this work than the original draft tube GAMM Francis turbine. Therefore, it was found that the draft tube in hyperbolic-logarithmic spiral format has the highest efficiency and the draft tube in logarithmic spiral format has the lowest loss coefficient. Consequently the hydrodynamic performance have been discussed in this work.	 GAMM francis turbine; CFD; Best efficiency point; Draft tube; Logarithmic spiral; Hyperbolic.	###
J1765876161X	Ferromagnetic model system with spin-orbit coupling: Dynamical gap and effective spin-flip scattering	We investigate ultrafast magnetization dynamics due to electron-phonon interaction in a ferromagnetic Rashba model, which includes spin-orbit coupling and a Stoner mean-field splitting. By computing the reduced spin-density matrix including explicitly spin-independent electron-phonon scattering at the level of Boltzmann-type scattering integrals, we investigate the influence of a time-dependent Stoner mean field on the magnetization dynamics. We find that the dynamical gap increases the magnetization quenching on short timescales and slows down the remagnetization process. We further show how the noncollinear dynamics of electronic spins in the band structure with internal spin orbit fields can be approximated by effective spin-flip scattering matrix elements.	 Ultrafast magnetization dynamics; Ultrafast demagnetization; Ultrafast spin dynamics; Dynamic band structure; Elliott-Yafet.	###
J1599521369	Opinion dynamics in multi-agent systems: selected analytic models and verifying simulations	In this paper opinion dynamics in multi-agent systems is investigated analytically using a kinetic approach. Interactions among agents are interpreted as collisions among molecules in gases and opinion dynamics is described according to the Boltzmann equation. Starting from a microscopic description of single interactions, global properties of the opinion distribution are derived analytically. The proposed analytic model is general enough to allow reproducing features of real societies of agents, such as positive and negative influences and bounded confidence, which are typically used to study opinion distribution models. Analytic results relative to emergent and global characteristics of considered multi-agent systems are verified by simulations obtained via direct implementation of the proposed microscopic interactions rules. Simulations confirm analytic results.	 Opinion dynamics, Kinetic theory, Multi-agent.	###
J16848710764	Trace metal mobilization by organic soil amendments: insights gained from analyses of solid and solution phase complexation of cadmium, nickel and zinc	The accumulation of Cd in soils worldwide has increased the demand for methods to reduce the metal's plant bioavailability. Organic matter rich soil amendments have been shown to be effective in achieving this. However, it is not known how long these amendments can retain the Cd, and whether dissolved organic matter (DOM) released from them can enhance the metal's mobility in the environment. In this study we sought to test the Cd binding capacity of various organic soil amendments, and evaluate differences in characteristics of the DOM released to see if they can explain the lability of the Cd-DOM complexes. We collected ten organic soil amendments from around New Zealand: five different composts, biosolids from two sources, two types of peat and spent coffee grounds. We characterised the amendments' elemental composition and their ability to bind the Cd. We then selected two composts and two peats for further tests, where we measured the sorption of Ni or Zn by the amendments. We analysed the quality of the extracted DOM from the four amendments using 3D Excitation Emission Matrix analysis, and tested the lability of the metal-DOM complexes using an adapted diffusive gradients in thin-films (DGT) method. We found that composts bound the most Cd and that the emergent Cd-DOM complexes were less labile than those from the peats. Ni-DOM complexes were the least labile. The aromaticity of the extracted DOM appears to be an important factor in determining the lability of Ni complexes, but less so for Zn and Cd.	 Trace metals; Organic matter quality; Lability; Speciation; Diffusive gradients in thin-films;.	###
J17574614209	Prediction of Li[2]B novel phases and superconductivity under varying pressures	Few experimental and theoretical superconductivity works have focused on Li-B systems under the Li-rich regime. Here, we utilized the recently developed particle-swarm optimization method for structural search to propose three novel Li[2]B phases. These phases include the layered sandwich structure hP6-Li[2]B (P-3m1, 164) and the two chain structures mS12-Li[2]B (C2/m, 12) and oC12-Li[2]B (Cmcm, 63). The structural stability of the three novel Li[2]B phases was confirmed on the basis of elastic constant and phonon dispersion calculations. Under ambient pressure, the three Li[2]B structures are notably more thermodynamically stable than the previously proposed Cmcm-Li[2]B structure and oC12-Li[2]B may be experimentally synthesized by _a-LiB and Li. Electronic band structure and partial density of states analyses showed that our three proposed phases were metallic. The quasi-2D character in the band structure of hP6-Li[2]B was consistent with that of MgB[2] and indicated that hP6-Li[2]B has potential superconductive properties. Our electron-phonon coupling calculations illustrated that mS12- and oC12-Li[2]B exhibited superconductivity at 0.03__K under 10__Gpa and 0.14__K under 0__Gpa, respectively. Moreover, we found that hP6-Li[2]B has low superconductivity with a predicted T[c] of 0.09__K at 20__GPa, and its _l and T[c] values increased within the pressure range of 20-50__GPa and then decreased under pressures exceeding 60__GPa. The maximum _l and T[c] values under 60__GPa were 0.33 and 0.65__K, respectively.	 Superconductor; Crystal structure; High-pressure; Electronic band structure; Electron-phonon.	###
J15459540131	Contusion and recovery of individual cognition based on catastrophe theory: A computational model	Abstract Originated in emergent behavior characterized by interactions between individuals and cognitive processes, sudden changes in behavior are common phenomena under the information pressure being perceived by individuals, particularly those whose cognition is weak to negative information. (Said behavioral changes are thus related to reactive individual behavior). To probe its underlying mechanism, we introduce an ICR model that accounts for the sudden changes in individual cognitions and behaviors. To ensure that our model is stable in different types of network environments, Verification results show that the model indeed accurately describes the various catastrophe paths of individual cognition. Exploration of our model also shows it can be applied in polarization of group behavior, and the confidence intervals of the resilience of individuals were analyzed to identify reversal patterns of polarized group behavior. As a discussion of the results, it shows that the proposed model has wonderful prospect to support neural network training in individual behaviors among networks.	 Individual cognition; Choice behavior; Resilience; Catastrophe.	###
J14978420462	Reduction of TFET OFF-Current and Subthreshold Swing by Lightly Doped Drain	This brief models the effect of lightly doped drain on the I[ds]-V[gs] and I[ds]-V[ds] characteristics of tunnel FETs. It is shown that an extended drain depletion region can greatly reduce both the off-current and the subthreshold swing with essentially no impact on the on-current. In particular, a lightly doped drain mitigates the undesirable ambipolar effect that cannot otherwise be relieved by lengthening the channel length. However, if the density of states is not sufficiently low, a low drain doping could result in a nondegenerate condition in which the tunneling window is blocked at V[ds] = 0, degrading the linear region current	 doping; field effect transistors; tunnel transistors; TFET off-current; ambipolar effect; channel length; extended drain depletion region; lightly doped drain; linear region current; low drain doping; subthreshold swing; tunnel FET; tunneling window;.	###
J1562789313X	Ternary dimensionally stable anodes composed of RuO[2] and IrO[2] with CeO[2], SnO[2,] or Sb[2]O[3] for efficient naphthalene and benzene electrochemical removal	Abstract. With the growing demand for fuel and oil, the volume of water produced during the extraction process is increasing, and consequently, it becomes an environmental problem. In this paper, dimensionally stable anodes with compositions of Ti/(RuO[2])[0.7](IrO[2])[0.1](MO[x])[0.2], in which M is Ce, Sn, or Sb, were synthesized by the method of thermal decomposition of chlorides using an ionic liquid as solvent, and then, these were used as electrocatalytic materials for elimination of organic pollutants in water. The results demonstrate that a change in the electrode composition is a significant parameter as well as the preparation conditions; in fact, the calcination temperature was a determining variable in the electrocatalytic properties of each one of the anodes to eliminate organic compounds. The calcination temperatures studied were 500, 550 and 600_0C, in which the most efficient electrodes were those annealed at 500_0C. This feature is closely related to the presence of a TiO[2] layer that is formed in the electrode when the calcination temperature is increased. Among the 500_0C-treated electrodes, the composition that stood out was the one containing antimony (Ti/(RuO[2])[0.7](IrO[2])[0.1](Sb[2]O[3])[0.2]). These findings are confirmed by XRD analysis and cyclic voltammetry. SEM images showed an apparently compact morphology with discrete microcracks and several grains. High removal efficiencies of the developed anodes to depollute synthetic-produced water containing 30 ppm of naphthalene or benzene, were achieved. It was due to the production of hydroxyl radicals at anode surfaces and the active sites depending on their compositions. Gas chromatography analysis showed that the best degradation rates were achieved by the Ti/(RuO[2])[0.7](IrO[2])[0.1](Sb[2]O[3])[0.2] electrode annealed at 500_0C, equivalent to 93.4 and 99.8% of naphthalene and benzene removal, respectively. Graphical Abstract.		###
J179557237X	Preparation of a poly(ionic liquid)-functionalized cellulose aerogel and its application in protein enrichment and separation	In this work, a novel poly(ionic liquid) with 1-vinyl-3-aminopropyl imidazolium cations was designed and used to modify cellulose aerogels via Schiff base reaction. The poly(ionic liquid) modified cellulose aerogels (PIL-CA) exhibited a well-interconnected porous structure and a high porosity of 86.2%. A zeta potential study showed the PIL-CA had a strong positive potential of more than 65mV when its pH was below 6. Furthermore, after 350min of adsorption experiments, the PIL-CA showed a superior adsorption capacity of 918_+8mgg{_-1} towards bovine serum albumin (BSA) at pH 6 when its concentration was 1.5mgmL{_-1}. Finally, the PIL-CA was employed for the selective separation of target protein from a real serum sample, obtaining the BSA with high purity of over 98%.	 Polymeric ionic liquid; Cellulose aerogel; Adsorption; Protein.	###
J165726181389	Cloud point extraction - Microvolume spectrophotometry for extraction and determination of bismuth in waters and roadside soil	The authors, in the present work, described a new microvolume spectrophotometric method for extraction, preconcentration and determination of extremely low quantities of bismuth in waters and roadside soil. The strategy of method is based on the formation of an ionic pair between _(BiI[4]_){_-} and trioctylamine _(TOA_){+} in aqueous phase and extraction of this ion associate by cloud point extraction technique (CPE) using Triton X-100. The influence of different empirical parameters e.g. pH of aqueous phase, surfactant concentration, equilibrium time and temperature on performance efficiency of developed method was studied and then optimized. On the optimum conditions, the absorbance of Triton X-100 - rich phase measured at 342 nm was linear with bismuth quantity in aqueous phase in the range of 10-1250 _mg L{_- 1} with R = 0.996, n = 7. The limit of detection (LOD), quantitation (LOQ), and preconcentration factor (C[F]) were calculated to be 2.86 and 9.54 _mg L{_- 1}, and 40, respectively. The evaluation of method was performed by monitoring bismuth in sea, and tap waters and roadside soil, where, the recovery percentage obtained (> 96%) proved the precision of our method. On the other hand, thermodynamic characteristics in terms of _DH, _DS, and _DG of extraction process were studied and the numerical values of these parameters were calculated and discussed in details.	 Cloud point extraction; Bismuth(III); Thermodynamics; Sea water samples;.	###
J1751704181	The synergistic effect of benzyl benzoate on the selective oxidation of toluene to benzaldehyde	To resolve the defects of acetic acid solvents for the liquid-phase oxidation of toluene to benzaldehyde with oxygen, a low-corrosive and green method was developed by introducing benzyl benzoate into the reaction. It was found that compared with the case of acetic acid, benzyl benzoate showed gratifying effect on the oxidation of toluene to benzaldehyde. The reaction was more active in the initial stage of oxidation, and the generated benzaldehyde was protected from further oxidation due to the synergistic effect of benzyl benzoate along with toluene-derived products benzyl alcohol and benzyl bromide. Benzyl benzoate inhibited the esterification of benzyl alcohol, while benzyl bromide promoted the formation of benzyl alcohol. Therefore, considerable benzyl alcohol concentration could be maintained and high benzaldehyde selectivity could be achieved under high toluene conversion.	 Benzaldehyde; Oxidation; Synergistic effect;.	###
J1526115514	Increasing rigidness of carbon coating for improvement of electrochemical performances of Co[3]O[4] in Li-ion batteries	Abstract Carbon coating is an effective approach to enhance the electrochemical properties of transition metal oxide. Herein, we demonstrated that increasing rigidness of carbon coating by incorporating the analogue of Al oxide was able to improve the rate capability and cycling stability of Co[3]O[4]. Compared with carbon coating, a hybrid coating consisted of carbon and the analogue of Al oxide (COAl) showed increased rigidness and robustness, which can suppress the massive expansion of Co[3]O[4] upon lithiation, and accordingly, a conductive linkage of carbon over the electrode surface could be well preserved by using a thin hybrid coating. In this way, good electrode integration was obtained together with fast electric conduction and short Li{+} diffusion distance. AFM force curve, SEM observation and impedance measurement were carried out to demonstrate the feasibility of our strategy. During the tests of Li-ion batteries, C@Co[3]O[4]@COAl exhibited significantly improved rate capability (0.2-20 A g{_-1}) and cycling stability (4000 cycles at 5 A g{_-1}) as compared with C@Co[3]O[4]@C, thus manifesting the significant role by increasing the rigidness of carbon coating.		###
J17791704176	High reactive nano zero-valent iron produced via wet milling through abrasion by alumina	The performance of new nano zero-valent iron (nZVI) particles produced by a promising new milling method in organic solvent was examined. The basic feature of the new process involves the addition of abrasive alumina particles having an average particle size of 5___mm during milling. The milled particles with alumina had a specific surface area exceeding 20__m{2}~xg{_-1} as well as high percentages of Fe(0) content of 75-80%. The reactivity against Cr(VI), Trichloroethylene, and Tetrachloroethylene was determined and in all cases, the removal capacity of the milled particles was higher than that of commercial available nZVI particles. This high reactivity may be related to the absence of a thick and continuous oxide layer on the surface, the high disorder levels of the metallic structure and the large number of reaction sites. Sedimentation tests revealed very good suspension stability, while in mobility tests, the particles could be distributed throughout the column length. The results showed a low tendency to agglomerate in aqueous solution. This behaviour has been attributed to two factors related to the milling process: first, the high _z-Potential found in the particles, which enhances electrostatic repulsion. The second factor is the significant decrease of saturation magnetization of the milled particles with alumina in comparison with the values of the commercial nZVI particles, leading to a reduction in magnetic interparticle interaction. This decrease may be related to the introduction of a significant carbon content in the iron particles (0.65-1.35%wt, depending on the sample) and the presence of a highly deformed nanostructure.	 Nano zero-valent iron (nZVI); Nanoparticles; Reactivity; Milling; Aggregation;.	###
J1571754X192	Effect of fuel distribution on turbulence and combustion characteristics of a micro gas turbine combustor	Abstract Numerical analysis of lean-premixed flames is utilized to investigate the correlation between turbulence and combustion, fuel-air mixing, and NO[x] emission using three types of micro gas turbine combustors. Swirl flows generating vortex breakdown and flow recirculation contributing to mixing uniformity are improved by interaction of burners. Mixing plays an important role in flame dynamics and NO[x] emission by means of the unmixedness parameter. To discuss the correlation between flame characteristics and vorticity structures, progress variable c is introduced. The flame stability is enhanced by ring-shaped, large-scale vorticity structures, and air-fuel mixing is increased by momentum and kinetic energy.	 Micro gas turbine combustor; LES; Unmixedness; Adjacent burners recirculation zone; Swirl flow; Progress.	###
J160081865X	Two-Dimensional Electric Double Layer Structure with Heterogeneous Surface Charge	In this work we present a systematic study of the lateral (parallel to the wall) and normal (perpendicular to the wall) nanostructure of the electric double layer at a heterogeneous interface between two regions of different surface charges, often found in nanoscale electrochemical devices. Specifically, classical density functional theory (DFT) is used to probe a cation concentration range of 10 mM to 1 M, for valences of +1, + 2, and +3, and a diameter range of 0.15-0.9 nm over widely varying surface charges (between _-0.15 and +0.15 C/m{2}). The DFT results predict significant lateral and normal nanostructure in the form of ion concentration oscillations. These results are directly compared with those from Poisson-Boltzmann theory, showing significant deviation between the two theories, not only in the concentration profiles, but also in the sign of the electrostatic potential.		###
J1573576999	In vivo study on the biocompatibility of chitosan-hydroxyapatite film depending on degree of deacetylation	Chitosan, produced from chitin, is one of the polymers with promising applications in various fields. However, despite diverse research studies conducted on its biocompatibility, its uses are still limited. The main reason is the degree of deacetylation (DOD), which represents the proportion of deacetylated units in the polymer and is directly correlated with its biocompatibility property. In this article, the in vivo biocompatibility of three chitosan-hydroxyapatite composite films composed of chitosan with different DOD values was investigated by traditional biological protocols and novel optical spectroscopic analyses. The DOD of the chitosan obtained from three different manufacturers was estimated and calculated by Raman spectroscopy, Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, and proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. The chitosan with the higher DOD induced a higher incidence of inflammation in skin cells. The amino group density, biodegradability, and crystallinity of chitosan are the three possible factors that need to be considered when determining the biocompatibility of the films for in vivo application, as they led to complicated biological results, resulting in either better or worse inflammation even when using chitosan products with the same DOD. This basic study on the relationship between the DOD and inflammation is valuable for the development of further chitosan-based researches. 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Biomed Mater Res Part A: 105A: 1637-1645, 2017.	 chitosan; degree of deacetylation; biocompatibility; scaffold;.	###
J16179169361	Influence of Casting Section Thickness on Fatigue Strength of Austempered Ductile Iron	The influence of casting section thickness on fatigue strength of austempered ductile iron was investigated in this study. ASTM A536 65-45-12 grade of ductile iron was produced, machined into round samples of 10, 15, 20 and 25 mm diameter, austenitized at a temperature of 820_0C, quenched into an austempering temperature (TA) of 300 and 375_0C and allowed to be isothermally transformed at these temperatures for a fixed period of 2 h. From the samples, fatigue test specimens were machined to conform to ASTM E-466. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and x-ray diffraction (XRD) methods were used to characterize microstructural morphology and phase distribution of heat-treated samples. The fatigue strength decreases as the section thickness increases. The SEM image and XRD patterns show a matrix of acicular ferrite and carbon-stabilized austenite with ferrite coarsening and volume fraction of austenite reducing as the section thickness increases. The study concluded that the higher the value of carbon-stabilized austenite the higher the fatigue strength while it decreases as the ausferrite structure becomes coarse.		###
J15907942378	Tailoring the Shape, Size, Crystal Structure, and Preferential Growth Orientation of BaTiO[3] Plates Synthesized through a Topochemical Conversion Process	BaTiO[3] plate-like particles, which were topochemically transformed from the sub-200 nm- and _mm-sized Bi[4]Ti[3]O[12] template plates, retained a memory of the template morphology when the conversion in the molten salt occurred at 660_0C and 900_0C, respectively. The reported method enables the preparation of well-separated, preferentially _(001_) oriented, BaTiO[3] plate-like particles across a broad size range and with significant ferroelectric characteristics.		###
J1576095X38	Cogging Torque Analysis and Minimization of Axial Flux PM Machines With Combined Rectangle-Shaped Magnet	This paper introduces three indexes for the cogging torque waveform and analyzes the influence of machine parameters on these three indexes in the theory. The phase of cogging torque under different combinations of slot opening ratio and pole-arc ratio is analyzed. Based on this analysis, two techniques to minimize cogging torque of the axial-flux permanent-magnet (AFPM) machines are proposed and discussed. Using the quasi-3-D analysis method, the mechanism of cogging torque minimization for AFPM machines equipped with several special magnet shapes is revealed by elaborating the results of each slice. Then, a novel rectangle-shaped magnet arrangement is proposed and investigated for cogging torque minimization. Comparing with other cogging torque minimization techniques such as conventional skew on PM edges, this method is able to decrease cogging torque without comprising torque output. Finally, a prototype is built and the experiment is performed to validate the finite-element analysis results	 finite element analysis; magnets; permanent magnet machines; torque; AFPM machines; axial flux PM machines; axial flux permanent-magnet machines; cogging torque analysis; cogging torque minimization; cogging torque waveform; combined rectangle-shaped.	###
J1655551930	The upper thermal maturity limit of primary gas generated from marine organic matters	Elemental composition and chemical structure of 16 kerogen samples concentrated from marine source rocks with maturity levels ranging from 0.65%R[o] to 3.3%R[o] were determined. Pyrolysis experiments of seven samples selected from the 16 kerogen samples were conducted in a gold tube system to clarify the process and determine the upper thermal maturity limit for primary gas generation from marine organic matter (OM). The variation of the H/C atomic ratio of the marine OM appears to evolve through three phases with increasing maturity, including a drastic decreasing phase before 1.3%R[o], a moderate decreasing phase from 1.3 to 2.0%R[o] and a gradual decreasing phase above 2.0%R[o]. The evolution of the chemical structure measured by FTIR indicates that most oxygen containing functional groups in marine OM appear to be released prior to 0.8%R[o]. Aliphatic groups were still detected in the sample with a maturity of 3.0%R[o], but disappeared in the sample with a maturity of 3.3%R[o]. The variation of aliphatic groups VS aromatic rings (I[1]) displays a similar three stage pattern as the variation of H/C atomic ratio with increasing maturity. A step-by-step heating method in kerogen pyrolysis experiments was adopted to preclude secondary gas generation. The pyrolysis experimental results for samples with different maturities proved that generally the maximum yield of primary gas generated by the marine OM was not more than 140 ml per gram of total organic carbon (TOC). Only 1.16 ml/g TOC of hydrocarbon gas was generated by the sample with the maturity of 3.3%R[o]. Thus, it can be rationally inferred that the upper thermal maturity limit for gas generation from the marine OM may be around 3.5%R[o]. Nevertheless, the main maturity range for the primary gas generation is suggested to be below 2.0%R[o]. The yield of primary gas generated at the maturity range above 2.0%R[o] takes up 10% of maximum yield of the primary gas generated by the marine OM.	 Marine source rock; Primary gas; Upper thermal maturity limit; Chemical structure; Step-by-step.	###
J1618726951	Safety studies for the MYRRHA critical core with the SIMMER-III code	The presented studies are carried out within the European 7th framework project MAXSIMA, in which the MYRRHA reactor, which stands for Multi-purpose hYbrid Research Reactor for High-tech Applications, developed at SCK-CEN (Belgian Nuclear Research Centre), is investigated. The SIMMER code is employed for severe accident investigations of the reactor at KIT and SCK-CEN in both critical and ADS subcritical modes. In this paper only studies for the critical core are presented. The SIMMER-III model has been set up and assessed first for the neutronic feedback coefficients. Its calculated fuel, coolant and structure feedbacks agree well with the results evaluated by means of the European Reactor ANalysis Optimized System (ERANOS). For benchmarking of the SIMMER-III coupled neutronics and fluid-dynamics model, several Unprotected Transients due to Over Power (UTOP) have been calculated and compared with results of transient system codes. Very good agreement is demonstrated. In case of the largest and quickest reactivity insertion under hypothetical accident conditions, the reactor is assumed to turn for a short time into a slightly prompt supercritical state, but a quite mild power excursion takes place. Blockage accidents are studied in detail with SIMMER only. In total three scenarios have been investigated, namely the blockages of a single fuel assembly (FA), the protected core blockage scenario and the damage propagation of defective pin failures. Our studies demonstrated no core damage propagation can possibly occur under the different blockage scenarios.	 Reactor safety study; LBE cooled reactor; MYRRHA; SIMMER-III code; 2-D simulations; Severe core disruptive.	###
J1640207082	Serum levels of decabromodiphenyl ether (BDE-209) in women from different European countries and possible relationships with lifestyle and diet	To determine possible effects of lifestyle, diet, housing and professional activities on differences in individual levels of decabromodiphenyl ether (BDE-209) in serum of women, 20 to 40 years of age, in The Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Norway and Spain. BDE-209 was measured in serum of 145 female volunteers with no known occupational exposure from Norway, United Kingdom, The Netherlands and Spain. Blood levels of BDE-209 in a subgroup of 40 Dutch women were determined twice at a six months' interval. An extensive questionnaire was used to obtain detailed information about lifestyle factors that might contribute to BDE-209 exposure. Serum levels were used to determine margin of systemic exposure compared with a 28d rat toxicity study. Median BDE-209 serum concentrations were highest in The Netherlands and United Kingdom, respectively 8.8 and 9.3 pg/g ww. or 2.6 and 2.8 ng/g lipid. Median levels in Spain and Norway were lower, respectively 7.4 and 5.2 pg/g ww. or 3.3 and 0.8 ng/g lipid. Maximum levels in individual women were higher by one order of magnitude than the mean or median. The country of residence was the only variable significantly associated with BDE-209 levels; we found that the differences between countries could not be explained by any of the investigated exposure variables, and that these did not explain differences between individuals either. No consistent relationships were determined between diets, household, clothes, number and duration of use of electronics and occupational activities for the whole study group. We could not identify which of the multiple sources of exposure accounted for individual differences in blood levels. Although small differences in mean BDE-209 serum levels were recognized between countries, these differences are unlikely to cause a differential result with respect to risk assessment.	 DecaBDE; BDE-209; PBDEs; Serum; Lifestyle; Diet; Household; Risk.	###
J16164080122	An _h-compliance method to estimate the J-_Da curve for pipes with a circumferential surface crack	This paper presents an _h-compliance method to measure the J-_Da curve for pipes with a circumferential surface crack, using the experimentally recorded load versus the crack mouth opening displacement (CMOD) relationship. This study modifies the _h method commonly practiced for standard through-thickness fracture specimens to measure the energy release rate, J, from P-CMOD curve for pipes with a circumferential surface crack. The non-dimensional parameter _h for the surface-cracked pipes derives from elastic-plastic finite element analyses. The relationship between the crack size and the CMOD-based compliance, coupled with crack profiles interpolated linearly between the fatigue crack profile and the crack profile after ductile tearing, allows determining the crack depth corresponding to the measured CMOD compliance. The measured location-specific J-_Da curves indicate consistency with the fracture resistance curve measured from through-thickness fracture specimens at small crack extension levels. The difference between the fracture resistances becomes significantly larger as the crack extends beyond 0.5 mm.	 circumferential surface crack; fracture resistance; J-_Da curve; pipe; unloading compliance; _h.	###
J17669054537	TFA-Mediated DMSO-Participant Sequential Oxidation/1,3-Dipolar Cycloaddition Cascade of Pyridinium Ylides for the Assembly of Indolizines	A trifluoroacetic acid (TFA)-mediated cascade oxidation/1,3-dipolar cycloaddition reaction of stabilized pyridinium salts with dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) has been developed in the presence of K[2]S[2]O[8] and trimethylethylenediamine (TMEDA). In this transition-metal-free reaction, DMSO acts as a one-carbon source, thus providing a convenient method for the efficient and direct synthesis of various indolizine derivatives.		###
J1751337227	Commentary on Graydon et al. (2019): Realistic simulations and nudging gambling policy	.inline-equation ~(overflow-x:auto; ~) Highly realistic slot machine simulations are a powerful way to test the impact of gambling structural features. 'Nudging' may provide a framework to mitigate the effects of Losses Disguised as Wins and, more broadly, to translate research findings into gambling policy. Graydon and colleagues 1 add to a growing body of research on Losses Disguised as Wins (LDWs) as a feature of modern, multi-line slot machines. Their paper makes a valuable contribution to our thinking about laboratory research and policy approaches for slot machine structural characteristics. Building on their past work showing subjective, cognitive, and physiological effects of LDWs, this new study reports a behavioural effect: the group with gambling problems displayed greater persistence at an intermediate rate of LDWs. Given the negative expected value of gambling, persistence in play has direct financial consequences for gamblers. We note that the 12% LDW frequency in that 'sweet spot' condition approximates the rate of 11% that we have observed in an authentic slot machine used in our most recent study 2. One crucial element of their paper is that their laboratory slot machine is exceptionally realistic. Past gambling research has typically used rudimentary slot machine simulators that are easily discriminated from real machines. Other research has used authentic slot machines housed in a lab environment, leading to trial and session outcomes - for example the rates of rarer events such as 'free spin' bonus rounds - that are uncontrollable and thus vary across participants 3. Graydon et al. placed their programmed simulator inside a genuine slot machine cabinet, so that the participant interacts with the game as they might in the field. The theme, pace, and audiovisual feedback appear entirely realistic. Sophisticated simulators like this one offer new opportunities for balancing experimental control and ecological validity. This view contrasts with a recent systematic review of research evaluating 'responsible gambling' interventions, wherein Ladouceur and colleagues 4 stipulated that studies must have assessed real gamblers in real gambling environments. This ecological requirement may be misplaced for research on the impact of structural characteristics, where the manipulation of specific game features is vital. Even if slot machine manufacturers and gambling operators were willing to allow researchers to manipulate game settings on the casino floor, many features of these games are ordinarily inter-dependent. For example, in a previous study of in-game immersion 5, the manipulation of multi-line (vs single-line) settings that generated LDWs was unavoidably confounded with overall bet size, which could also affect immersion. The relative influence of different structural characteristics in slot machine addiction is not known 6, and disentangling these influences will require a degree of experimental control that we believe is best attained in the laboratory. As the evidence for the negative effects of LDWs accumulates, how should gambling regulators respond? The zeitgeist in public health and policy-oriented research emphasizes 'nudging' consumers to make better, healthier choices 7. Nudges influence behaviour without limiting the ability to choose alternative options or significantly altering economic incentives. Within this framework, LDWs could be considered what has been called a 'dark nudge' 8 or 'sludge' 9; an influence that obstructs (rather than aids) good decision-making. By imitating the audiovisual feedback of real wins, LDWs obscure decision-relevant information about the game's true reinforcement rate. It is particularly concerning that Graydon et al. observe a distinct pattern of LDW-driven persistence in their participants with gambling problems, given that this subset contribute disproportionately to gambling revenue 10. Drawing on the nudge framework, one approach to reducing gambling harm is to modify slot machines. As the tendency to misinterpret LDWs as wins seems driven by the delivery of winning feedback 11, this confusion could be prevented either by silencing these LDW jingles or, more radically, by adding negative feedback to losses (including LDWs). In a study that compared these three conditions, there was an immediate effect of the losing sounds to reduce win overestimation in a sample of novice gamblers 12. The 'silent treatment' did not differ significantly from the standard condition, but may merit further examination in more experienced slot machine gamblers, in whom gradual benefits might be anticipated. An alternative strategy is to inform consumers about the presence and impact of LDWs using informational tools like instructional videos, which also reduced the over-estimation of winning in a student sample 13. Receiving timely, task-relevant information can help people better pursue their own health and financial goals 14, 15. Unfortunately, educational interventions can be hampered by the 'knowledge - action gap', whereby enhanced awareness fails to transfer to healthier choices. This is likely to be especially true for activities that are accompanied by intense emotions, like gambling. Nevertheless, emerging lessons from the field of behavioural insights may provide innovative new ideas, and ways to enhance existing tools, in order to mitigate gambling harms. Declaration of interests L.C. is the Director of the Centre for Gambling Research at UBC, which is supported by funding from the Province of British Columbia and the British Columbia Lottery Corporation (BCLC), a Canadian Crown Corporation. The Province of British Columbia government and BCLC had no involvement in the ideas expressed herein, and impose no constraints on publishing. L.C. has received a speaker honorarium/reimbursements from Svenska Spel (Sweden), the National Association of Gambling Studies (Australia) and the National Center for Responsible Gaming (US). He has not received any further direct or indirect payments from the gambling industry or groups substantially funded by gambling. He has received royalties from Cambridge Cognition Ltd relating to neurocognitive testing. W.S.M. reports no conflicts of interest. Acknowledgements This work was supported by the Centre for Gambling Research at UBC. W.S.M. holds a graduate fellowship from the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada. L.C. holds a Discovery Award from the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada. References 1Graydon C., Dixon M. J., Stange M., Fugelsang J. A. Gambling despite financial loss_-the role of losses disguised as wins in multiline slots. Addiction 2019; 114: 119-124. Google Scholar 2Murch W. S., Clark L. Effects of bet size and multi-line play on immersion and respiratory sinus arrhythmia during electronic gaming machine use. Addict Behav 2019; 88: 67-72. Crossref PubMed Web of ScienceGoogle Scholar 3Chu S., Limbrick-Oldfield E. H., Murch	 Behavioral insights; gambling disorder; nudge; prevention; responsible gambling; slot machines.	###
J1616370X85	Distinct Mechanism Evolved for Mycobacterial RNA Polymerase and Topoisomerase I Protein-Protein Interaction	"We report here a distinct mechanism of interaction between topoisomerase I and RNA polymerase in Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Mycobacterium smegmatis that has evolved independently from the previously characterized interaction between bacterial topoisomerase I and RNA polymerase. Bacterial DNA topoisomerase I is responsible for preventing the hyper-negative supercoiling of genomic DNA. The association of topoisomerase I with RNA polymerase during transcription elongation could efficiently relieve transcription-driven negative supercoiling. Our results demonstrate a direct physical interaction between the C-terminal domains of topoisomerase I (TopoI-CTDs) and the _b_"" subunit of RNA polymerase of M. smegmatis in the absence of DNA. The TopoI-CTDs in mycobacteria are evolutionarily unrelated in amino acid sequence and three-dimensional structure to the TopoI-CTD found in the majority of bacterial species outside Actinobacteria, including Escherichia coli. The functional interaction between topoisomerase I and RNA polymerase has evolved independently in mycobacteria and E. coli, with distinctively different structural elements of TopoI-CTD utilized for this protein-protein interaction. Zinc ribbon motifs in E. coli TopoI-CTD are involved in the interaction with RNA polymerase. For M. smegmatis TopoI-CTD, a 27-amino-acid tail that is rich in basic residues at the C-terminal end is responsible for the interaction with RNA polymerase. Overexpression of recombinant TopoI-CTD in M. smegmatis competed with the endogenous topoisomerase I for protein-protein interactions with RNA polymerase. The TopoI-CTD overexpression resulted in decreased survival following treatment with antibiotics and hydrogen peroxide, supporting the importance of the protein-protein interaction between topoisomerase I and RNA polymerase during stress response of mycobacteria."	 TB; evolution; stress response; transcription elongation; antibiotic.	###
J15934532177	Nanostructured pyronin Y thin films as a new organic semiconductor: Linear/nonlinear optics, band gap and dielectric properties	Abstract Pyronin Y dye (PY) is a kind of xanthene derivatives. Thin films of pyronin Y were deposited onto highly cleaned glass substrates using low-cost/spin coating technique. The structure properties of pyronin Y thin films with different thicknesses were investigated by using X-ray diffraction (XRD) and atomic force microscope (AFM). PY thin films for all the studied thicknesses have an amorphous structure supporting the short range order of the grain size. AFM supports the nanostructure with spherical/clusters morphologies of the investigated thin films. The optical constants of pyronin Y thin films for various thicknesses were studied by using UV-vis-NIR spectrophotometer in the wavelength range 350-2500 nm. The transmittance T(_l), reflectance R(_l) spectral and absorbance (abs(_l)) were obtained for all film thicknesses at room temperature and the normal light incident. These films showed a high transmittance in the wide scale wavelengths. For different thicknesses of the studied thin films, the optical band gaps were determined and their values around 2 eV. Real and imaginary dielectric constants, dissipation factor and the nonlinear optical parameters were calculated in the wavelengths to the range 300-2500 nm. The pyronin Y is a new organic semiconductor with a good optical absorption in UV-vis regions and it is suitable for nonlinear optical applications.	 Organic semiconductor; Nanostructured pyronin Y; XRD/AFM; Optical constants; Dielectric constants; Linear/nonlinear.	###
J1662698X166	Alcohol exposure induces chick craniofacial bone defects by negatively affecting cranial neural crest development	Excess alcohol consumption during pregnancy could lead to fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS). However, the molecular mechanism leading to craniofacial abnormality, a feature of FAS, is still poorly understood. The cranial neural crest cells (NCCs) contribute to the formation of the craniofacial bones. Therefore, NCCs exposed to ethanol was investigated _- using chick embryos and in vitro explant culture as experimental models. We demonstrated that exposure to 2% ethanol induced craniofacial defects, which includes parietal defect, in the developing chick fetus. Immunofluorescent staining revealed that ethanol treatment downregulated Ap-2_a, Pax7 and HNK-1 expressions by cranial NCCs. Using double-immunofluorescent stainings for Ap-2_a/pHIS3 and Ap-2_a/c-Caspase3, we showed that ethanol treatment inhibited cranial NCC proliferation and increased NCC apoptosis, respectively. Moreover, ethanol treatment of the dorsal neuroepithelium increased Laminin, N-Cadherin and Cadherin 6B expressions while Cadherin 7 expression was repressed. In situ hybridization also revealed that ethanol treatment up-regulated Cadherin 6B expression but down-regulated slug, Msx1, FoxD3 and BMP4 expressions. In summary, our experimental results demonstrated that ethanol treatment interferes with the production of cranial NCCs by affecting the proliferation and apoptosis of these cells. In addition, ethanol affected the delamination, epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and cell migration of cranial NCCs, which may have contributed to the etiology of the craniofacial defects.	 Alcohol; Cranial neural crest cells; Delamination; Migration; EMT;.	###
J1578413192	Chemical interaction and thermodynamic properties of (Cu,Ni)-Zr glass-forming alloys	The model of ideal associative solutions was applied to analyze the influence of strong chemical interaction in (Cu,Ni)-Zr melts depending on their glass-forming ability. Within the model framework thermodynamic properties of both Ni-Zr and Cu-Zr systems in the liquid state were calculated. The formation enthalpies of intermetallic compounds of these systems were redefined by the matching procedure, taking into account the additive manifestation of chemical interaction. It was suggested that directed (covalent) interaction causes formation of associative complexes which impedes diffusion and slows down crystallization. The intensity of interparticle interaction in these alloys is found to have no decisive influence on their glass-forming ability.		###
J17432461208	Improved Sparsity Techniques for Solving Network Equations in Transient Stability Simulations	When solving network algebraic equations during power system transient stability simulations, the nonzero elements in the independent vector and the elements needed in the solution vector are determined by the location of source nodes. Different kinds of source nodes will have a different influence on the solution process of the network equations. According to these features of source nodes, sparsity techniques, more specifically, the node ordering algorithm and sparse vector method, are improved in this paper. A new heuristic ordering algorithm is proposed to enhance the efficiency of the sparse vector method by reducing the number of nodes in the factorization path set of source nodes while maintaining the sparsity of the factorized matrix. A multipath sparse vector method is proposed to avoid the unnecessary computation in the iterative solution process of the network equations, whereby the idea of the method is to form different paths for different types of source nodes. Different paths are used to solve different elements in the solution vector. The correctness and effectiveness of these improvements is proven by the simulation results of three practical power systems (up to 13 490 nodes) and six IEEE examples (up to 162 nodes)	 Mathematical model; Algorithm design and analysis; Power system stability; Sparse matrices; Stability analysis; Computational modeling; Power system transients; Transient stability simulation; algebraic network equations; sparsity techniques; source.	###
J1736513648	Effect of anion on the C-Cl bond cleavage of toxic organochlorides electrolized by Co(III) porphyrin	 (I) -,   ,              .                  .	   C-Cl.  . -. . .	###
J15717205135	How the user can influence particulate emissions from residential wood and pellet stoves: Emission factors for different fuels and burning conditions	Abstract For a common household wood stove and a pellet stove we investigated the dependence of emission factors for various gaseous and particulate pollutants on burning phase, burning condition, and fuel. Ideal and non-ideal burning conditions (dried wood, under- and overload, small logs, logs with bark, excess air) were used. We tested 11 hardwood species (apple, ash, bangkirai, birch, beech, cherry, hickory, oak, olive, plum, sugar maple), 4 softwood species (Douglas fir, pine, spruce, spruce/fir), treated softwood, beech and oak wood briquettes, paper briquettes, brown coal, wood chips, and herbaceous species (miscanthus, Chinese silver grass) as fuel. Particle composition (black carbon, non-refractory, and some semi-refractory species) was measured continuously. Repeatability was shown to be better for the pellet stove than for the wood stove. It was shown that the user has a strong influence on wood stove emission behavior both by selection of the fuel and of the burning conditions: Combustion efficiency was found to be low at both very low and very high burn rates, and influenced particle properties such as particle number, mass, and organic content in a complex way. No marked differences were found for the emissions from different wood species. For non-woody fuels, much higher emission factors could be observed (up to five-fold increase). Strongest enhancement of emission factors was found for burning of small or dried logs (up to six-fold), and usage of excess air (two- to three-fold). Real world pellet stove emissions can be expected to be much closer to laboratory-derived emission factors than wood stove emissions, due to lower dependence on user operation.	 Residential wood combustion; Log wood; Pellets; Emission factors; Burning.	###
J16444555252	High-order asynchrony-tolerant finite difference schemes for partial differential equations	Synchronizations of processing elements (PEs) in massively parallel simulations, which arise due to communication or load imbalances between PEs, significantly affect the scalability of scientific applications. We have recently proposed a method based on finite-difference schemes to solve partial differential equations in an asynchronous fashion - synchronization between PEs is relaxed at a mathematical level. While standard schemes can maintain their stability in the presence of asynchrony, their accuracy is drastically affected. In this work, we present a general methodology to derive asynchrony-tolerant (AT) finite difference schemes of arbitrary order of accuracy, which can maintain their accuracy when synchronizations are relaxed. We show that there are several choices available in selecting a stencil to derive these schemes and discuss their effect on numerical and computational performance. We provide a simple classification of schemes based on the stencil and derive schemes that are representative of different classes. Their numerical error is rigorously analyzed within a statistical framework to obtain the overall accuracy of the solution. Results from numerical experiments are used to validate the performance of the schemes.	 Asynchrony-tolerant schemes; Partial differential equations; Massive computations; Asynchronous.	###
J1789869X193	An effective multiobjective algorithm for energy-efficient scheduling in a real-life welding shop	Welding, an irreplaceable process in the modern manufacturing industry, consumes enormous amounts of energy. The schedule in a welding shop greatly impacts both its energy consumption and productivity. Thus, it is of great significance to solve the welding shop scheduling problem (WSSP) considering both energy efficiency and productivity. In this paper, to solve a real-life WSSP, a multiobjective mathematical model is proposed and an effective multiobjective artificial bee colony algorithm (MOABC) is developed. The results of a designed numerical experiment indicate that the proposed MOABC performs better than Strength Pareto Evolutionary Algorithm 2 and Nondominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II. Finally, the proposed model and MOABC algorithm are applied to solve a real-life girder WSSP of a Chinese crane company. The results also demonstrate that the proposed method can greatly reduce energy consumption and makespan compared to other algorithms	 artificial bee colony algorithm; cranes; design of experiments; energy conservation; energy consumption; genetic algorithms; manufacturing industries; Pareto optimisation; productivity; scheduling; welding; manufacturing industry; multiobjective.	###
J130065731184	Fabrication and characterization of poly(l-lactic acid) gels induced by fibrous complex crystallization with solvents	Complex crystal induced gelation of poly(l-lactic acid) (PLLA) solutions was studied for a series of solvents, including N,N-dimethylformamide (DMF). By cooling the solutions prepared at elevated temperatures, PLLA gels were produced in solvents that induced complex crystals (_e-crystals) with PLLA. Fibrous structure of PLLA in the gel with DMF was observed by polarizing optical microscopy, field emission electron microscopy, and atomic force microscopy. Upon heating, the crystal form of PLLA in the DMF gel changed from _e-crystal to _a-crystal, the major crystal form in common untreated PLLA films, but the morphology and high elastic modulus of the gel remained until the _a-crystal dissolved at higher temperature. In addition, a solvent exchanging method was developed, which allowed PLLA gels to be prepared in other useful solvents that do not induce _e-crystals without losing the morphology and mechanical properties.	 Poly(l-lactic acid); Complex crystal; Gelation.	###
J1656903X33	Sensor fault detection in nuclear power plant using statistical methods	In this paper, a sensor fault detection and isolation technique is proposed using statistical methods. An enhanced reconstruction method is proposed using Singular Value Decomposition (SVD). In the traditional SVD reconstruction method, the faulty data may affect other fault free data. The enhanced SVD (ESVD) reconstruction method is a robust method to map as a normal data. The statistical hypothesis test, namely Generalized Likelihood Ratio Test (GLRT) is applied to detect the fault in the residual space. The proposed method performance is verified by the real data of Fast Breeder Test Reactor (FBTR).	 Fast Breeder Test Reactor; Singular value decomposition; Generalized likelihood ratio.	###
J1576095X992	On the Proprieties of the Differential Cross-Saturation Inductance in Synchronous Machines	The cross-saturation inductance is a mutual inductance due to the saturation of portions of the magnetic circuit of one axis caused by the current of the other axis. In sensorless drives, the differential cross-saturation inductance causes an error in the estimation of the rotor position when it is performed by means of the high frequency signal injection methods. The knowledge of the properties of cross-saturation inductance is therefore essential to minimize any distortion effect on the position estimation. This paper aims to describe the properties of the cross-saturation inductance for different types of synchronous machine, such as reluctance, interior permanent-magnet, and surface-mounted permanent-magnet machines. Information is also given to predict the error in the estimated position for any stator currents, useful for implementing an error compensation technique or to detect the feasible operating regions using the high frequency voltage injection technique. The analysis is supported by finite element simulations and experimental measurements	 electric drives; error compensation; finite element analysis; permanent magnet machines; reluctance machines; stators; differential cross-saturation inductance; error compensation technique; experimental measurements; finite element simulations; high.	###
J15885361157	Detection of co-seismic earthquake gravity field signals using GRACE-like mission simulations	Abstract After launching the GRACE satellite mission in 2002, the earth's gravity field and its temporal variations are measured with a closer inspection. Although these variations are mainly because of the mass transfer of land water storage, they can also happen due to mass movements related to some natural phenomena including earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, melting of polar ice caps and glacial isostatic adjustment. Therefore this paper shows which parameters of an earthquake are more sensitive to GRACE-Like satellite missions. For this purpose, the parameters of the Maule earthquake that occurred in recent years and Alaska earthquake that occurred in 1964 have been chosen. Then we changed their several parameters to serve our purpose. The GRACE-Like sensitivity is observed by using the simulation of the earthquakes along with gravity changes they caused, as well as using dislocation theory under a half space earth. This observation affects the various faulting parameters which include fault length, width, depth and average slip. These changes were therefore evaluated and the result shows that the GRACE satellite missions tend to be more sensitive to Width among the Length and Width, the other parameter is Dip variations than other parameters. This article can be useful to the upcoming scenario designers and seismologists in their quest to study fault parameters.	 Co-seismic; Earthquake; GRACE; Gravity changing; Numerical simulation; Satellite.	###
J16673619356	Standardization of {142}Pr activity concentration	{142}Pr (praseodymium-142), a potential radionuclide for brachytherapy, was produced after irradiating high purity natural Pr[2]O[3] powder in a research reactor. The irradiated powder was then dissolved in acids and diluted for measurement. Several radioactivity measurement methods were used in the standardization of {142}Pr radionuclide. This work reports the results of standardization of {142}Pr with CIEMAT/NIST efficiency tracing method, gamma spectrometry and a calibrated ionization chamber. The activity measured from different standardization methods are compatible with each other within the uncertainty limits. The CIEMAT/NIST efficiency tracing method gives the lowest uncertainty and is a reliable method for the standardization of this radionuclide.	 Pr; Standardization; CIEMAT-NIST method; Liquid scintillation counting; Re-entrant ionization chamber; Gamma-ray.	###
J1753108756	Cationic polymerization of high-molecular-weight phthalaldehyde-butanal copolymer	Low ceiling temperature polyaldehydes are of interest for transient materials because the temperature of depolymerization can be at or below room temperature. There is interest in expanding the number of aldehydes which can be copolymerized so as to change the vapor pressure and other properties of the depolymerized products. Although fast depolymerization has been achieved with polyaldehydes, the rate of monomer evaporation after depolymerization can be controlled by incorporating lower molecular weight monomers into the polymer. High vapor pressure aliphatic aldehydes have been copolymerized with low vapor pressure and high reactivity phthalaldehyde to create stable, high molecular weight polymers with high vapor pressure. A method for measuring the depolymerization time by quartz crystal microbalance has been developed. The copolymer of phthalaldehyde and butanal improves the evaporation time for the polymer by a factor of 11. The onset of thermal decomposition of the copolymer was increased from 107_0C for the phthalaldehyde homopolymer to 141_0C for the copolymer. The tensile strength of the copolymer was 0.8-1.6 GPa. ~c 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J. Appl. Polym. Sci. 2019, 136, 46921.	 poly(phthalaldehyde); polyaldehyde; transient polymer.	###
J1616356480	Lead-free BaTiO[3]-Bi[0.5]Na[0.5]TiO[3]-Na[0.73]Bi[0.09]NbO[3] relaxor ferroelectric ceramics for high energy storage	A series of (1-x)(0.65BaTiO[3]-0.35Bi[0.5]Na[0.5]TiO[3])-xNa[0.73]Bi[0.09]NbO[3] ((1-x)BBNT-xNBN) (x = 0-0.14) ceramics were designed and fabricated using the conventional solid-state sintering method. The microstructure, dielectric property, relaxor behavior and energy storage property were systematically investigated. X-ray diffraction results reveal a pure perovskite structure and dielectric measurements exhibit a relaxor behavior for the (1-x)BBNT-xNBN ceramics. The slim polarization electric field (P-E) loops were observed in the samples with x _> 0.02 and the addition of Na[0.73]Bi[0.09]NbO[3] (NBN) could decrease the remnant polarization (P[r]) of the (1-x)BBNT-xNBN ceramics obviously. The sample with x = 0.08 exhibits the highest energy storage density of 1.70 J/cm{3} and the energy storage efficiency of 82% at 172 kV/cm owing to its submicron grain size and high relative density. These results show that the (1-x)BBNT-xNBN ceramics may be promising lead-free materials for high energy storage density capacitors.	 Lead-free; Energy storage; Relaxation; Dielectric properties;.	###
J1685885616	"Syntheses, crystal structures, and Jack bean urease inhibitory activities of copper(II) complexes derived from 4-tert-butyl-N_""-(1-(pyridin-2-yl)ethylidene)benzohydrazide"	"Two new copper(II) complexes, _(CuL(HL)_)~xClO[4] (1) and _(Cu[2]Br[2]L[2]_)~x0.85H[2]O (2), where L is the monoanionic form of 4-tert-butyl-N_""-(1-(pyridin-2-yl)ethylidene)benzohydrazide (HL), have been prepared. The complexes were characterized by infrared and UV-vis spectra, and single crystal X-ray diffraction. Complex 1 is a mononuclear copper(II) species and 2 is a bromido-bridged dinuclear copper(II) species. The Cu ion in 1 is in an octahedral coordination mode and that in 2 is trigonal-bipyramidal. The Jack bean urease inhibitory assay indicated that 2 is active, with IC[50] value of 20.6 _+ 2.3 _mmol L{_-1}, while 1 is inactive. Molecular docking of 2 with Jack bean urease was studied."		###
J16384048473	A formation water-based nutrient recipe for potentially increasing methane release from coal in situ	Biogasifying coal to methane represents an environmentally benign way to utilize the abundant and inexpensive coal resource. To increase methane yield from coal, numerous studies have investigated the approach of biostimulation through finding the best nutrient solutions to enhance microbial activities. Toward this end, however, almost all studies have adopted laboratory made medium that is tap water- or deionized and distilled water- based. As a matter of fact, this water is dramatically different from formation water in coal basins. Thus, in order to enhance methane release from coal in situ, this study aimed to design a formation water-based recipe. To accomplish this objective, the chemical and microbial compositions of the formation water collected from the San Juan basin were analyzed first. Equipped with this fundamental knowledge, a screening test was conducted to evaluate nine parameters to identify statistically significant ones affecting methane yield from coal. For those critical parameters, the optimal value for each was determined through response surface methodology. Finally, the predicted results by the models were verified by an experimental study adopting all optimum conditions. This study demonstrated that microbes capable of converting coal to methane were present at the San Juan basin and the developed recipe increased methane yield 24.3-fold compared to those without.	 Coal biogasification; Microbial community; Formation water; Optimization; Methane.	###
J15720494266	Differences in spatial communities of European perch (Perca fluviatilis Linnaeus, 1758) fry in a canyon-shaped reservoir are not attributable to genetics	The question was whether a canyon-shaped reservoir is inhabited by genetically distinct populations of European perch Perca fluviatilis exhibiting different spatial behaviour, or by a single population. The study was conducted in the spring of 2006 at ~3R~1imov Reservoir, Czech Republic. Epipelagic and bathypelagic perch fry (EPF and BPF) were captured by trawl net (mesh size 1 _* 1.35 mm) controlled by echo sounder, and littoral perch fry and adults (LPF and LPA) were caught by electrofishing and beach seine (mesh size 1 _* 1.35 mm). DNA was isolated in 266 individuals from the reservoir, and phylogenetic analysis based on mtDNA was performed (n = 18) on BPF, EPF, LPF, and LPA from the reservoir and additional sequences from Central Europe. Six microsatellites were used for differentiating among communities (n = 266). There was no evidence for genetic divergence in mtDNA sequences. Analyses of microsatellites revealed no statistically significant variations between spatial communities, and confirmed genetic homogeneity among communities. F[ST] values and the number of genetic clusters point to the same conclusion, i.e., the reservoir is inhabited by a single population whose individuals occupy different microhabitats.		###
J17596529123	Light-cone gauge cubic interaction vertices for massless fields in AdS(4)	In the framework of light-cone formulation of relativistic dynamics, arbitrary spin massless fields propagating in the four-dimensional AdS space are studied. For such fields, the complete list of light-cone gauge cubic interaction vertices is obtained. Realization of relativistic symmetries on space of light-cone gauge massless AdS fields is also obtained. The light-cone gauge vertices for massless AdS fields take simple form similar to the one for massless fields in the flat space.		###
J16987346158	On the leading edge noise and aerodynamics of thin aerofoil subjected to the straight and curved serrations	"This paper presents the results of an experimental study into the effect of add-on type leading edge serrations on the aeroacoustic and aerodynamic performances of a symmetrical NACA0008 aerofoil. The aeroacoustic part of this paper studies the reduction of interaction broadband noise in the presence of elevated freestream turbulence by employing serrated leading edges. For non-dimensional frequencies f_""__<__1, the resulting sound pressure level reduction (_DSPL) was found to be a linear function of f_"" and the _DSPL depends only on the serration amplitude, serration wavelength and freestream velocity. Leading edge with a large serration amplitude was found to be very effective in the reduction of broadband noise where up to _DSPL ~= 8__dB is achievable. It is generally more beneficial to choose a leading edge with a smaller serration wavelength, although the most effective configuration actually combines the largest serration amplitude and the largest serration wavelength. Interestingly, for a curved-serration, the most optimised configuration (with small serration wavelength, large serration amplitude, small inclination angle and large curvature radius) was found to outperform its straight-serration counterpart by a further 5__dB reduction of broadband noise at the same frequency. Concerning the aerodynamic part of the study, to effectively suppress boundary layer stall without incurring severe drag penalties for low freestream turbulence intensity, the most effective leading edge serration should possess a large serration wavelength and small serration amplitude. Hence, the serration geometry that works very well for a low noise aerofoil is usually inferior in the aerodynamic performance, and vice versa. The best compromise for the serration geometry that can still harness good performances in both the aeroacoustic and aerodynamic should possess the largest serration amplitude and the largest serration wavelength. This paper demonstrates that, when optimised properly, the add-on type leading edge serration can be very effective in both the reduction of the interaction broadband noise, and the suppression of the boundary layer separation at high angle of attack."	 Serrated leading edge; Broadband noise reduction; Boundary layer.	###
J16867499321	Moir~1e phase-shifted fiber Bragg gratings in polymer optical fibers	We demonstrate a simple way to fabricate phase-shifted fiber Bragg grating in polymer optical fibers as a narrowband transmission filter for a variety of applications at telecom wavelengths. The filters have been fabricated by overlapping two uniform fiber Bragg gratings with slightly different periods to create a Moir~1e grating with only two pulses (one pulse is 15__ns) of UV power. Experimental characterization of the filter is provided under different conditions where the strain and temperature sensitivities were measured.	 Polymer optical fibers; Fiber Bragg gratings; Optical fiber devices; Optical filters; Notch filter; Microwave.	###
J16539009557	An Investigation Into the Coupling of Magnetic and Thermal Analysis for a Wound-Rotor Synchronous Machine	This paper is dealing with magnetic and thermal analysis coupling of a wound-rotor synchronous machine (WRSM) based on the equivalent circuit methods. The main objective of this work is to introduce the principles of both magnetic equivalent circuit (MEC) and thermal equivalent circuit (TEC) models, as well as the importance of their coupling. The results of nonlinear MEC are compared to 2-D finite-element analysis results obtained by the magnetic field analysis software JMAG while the results of TEC coupled with MEC are compared with the experimental thermal test results	 Couplings; Iron; Magnetic flux density; Magnetic hysteresis; Magnetic liquids; Magnetohydrodynamics; Coupling; equivalent circuit; experimental; magnetic; numerical;.	###
J17090803542	Novel N-heteroacene small molecules as electron donors for organic bulk heterojunction photovoltaics	Two N-heteroacene small molecules, P2BT and P2B2__T, with 2,1,3-benzodiathiazole end-capped N-heteroacene unit as the central building block have been designed and synthesized for bulk-heterojunction solar cells. Single-junction devices based on P2B2__T:PC[71]BM have achieved an impressive power conversion efficiency of 7.16% without any special treatment, which is the record efficiency among the N-heteroacene-based photovoltaics.	 Organic photovoltaics; Small molecular donors; N-heteroacenes; 2,1,3-Benzodiathiazole.	###
J1766945341	Nonsense shielding: protecting RNA from decay leads to cancer	"Despite intense scrutiny, the signals that determine whether a given RNA is degraded by the highly conserved and selective nonsense-mediated RNA decay (NMD) pathway remain murky. In this issue of The EMBO Journal, Kishor et al shed light on this issue by demonstrating that the RNA-binding protein, hnRNP L, protects a subset of RNAs from degradation by NMD. This mechanism is responsible for stabilizing the mRNA encoding the pro-survival _6oncogenic~"" protein, BCL-2, in B-cell lymphoma."		###
J17522967283	Ab initio calculations on low-lying electronic states of SiH{+}	Ab initio potential energy curves have been calculated for the ground and low-lying excited electronic states of SiH{+} including the X{1}_S{+}, A{1}_P, 1{1}_D, 2{1}_S{+}, 2{1}_P, 3{1}_S{+}, 3{1}_P, 2{1}_D, 4{1}_S{+}, a{3}_P, 1{3}_S{_-}, 1{3}_S{+}, 2{3}_P, 3{3}_P, 2{3}_S{_-}, 2{3}_S{+}, 3{3}_P, 1{3}_D, 1{5}_S{_-} and 1{5}_P states. The calculations were carried out at the multi-reference configuration interaction level including the scalar-relativistic effects. The computed transition dipole moments were used to calculate Einstein A coefficients for the spin-allowed transitions and the lifetimes for bound vibrational levels of the excited states. In addition, spin-orbit calculations were carried out to compute radiative lifetimes for the spin-forbidden a{3}_P___!__X{1}_S{+} transition, and to predict local perturbations between the 2{3}_P and 1{1}_D states due to off-diagonal spin-orbit matrix elements.	 SiH cation; MRCI calculations; Relativistic effects; Transition dipole moments; Excited state.	###
J1656657X412	Hydrothermally formed three-dimensional hexagon-like P doped Ni(OH)[2] rod arrays for high performance all-solid-state asymmetric supercapacitors	Three dimensional hexagon-like phosphrous (P) doped Ni(OH)[2] rod arrays grown on Ni foam (NF) are fabricated by a facile and green one-step hydrothermal process. Ni foam is only reacted in a certain concentration of P containing H[2]O[2] aqueous solution. The possible growth mechanism of the P doped Ni(OH)[2] rod arrays is discussed. As a battery-type electrode material in situ formed on Ni foam, the binder-free P doped Ni(OH)[2] rod arrays electrode displays a ultrahigh specific areal capacitance of 2.11C cm{_-2} (3.51 F cm{_-2}) at 2 mA cm{_-2}, and excellent cycling stability (95.5% capacitance retention after 7500 cycles). The assembled all-solid-state asymmetric supercapacitor (AAS) based on such P doped Ni(OH)[2] rod arrays as the positive electrode and activated carbon as the negative electrode achieves an energy density of 81.3 Wh kg{_-1} at the power density of 635 W kg{_-1}. The AAS device also exhibits excellent practical performance, which can easily drive an electric fan (3 W rated power) when two AAS devices are assembled in series. Thus, our synthesized P doped Ni(OH)[2] rod arrays has a lot of potential applications in future energy storage prospects.	 Nickel hydroxide; Rod arrays; Phosphor doping; Asymmetric.	###
J16946313123	Vulnerability of the Great Barrier Reef to climate change and local pressures	Abstract Australia's Great Barrier Reef (GBR) is under pressure from a suite of stressors including cyclones, crown-of-thorns starfish (COTS), nutrients from river run-off and warming events that drive mass coral bleaching. Two key questions are: how vulnerable will the GBR be to future environmental scenarios, and to what extent can local management actions lower vulnerability in the face of climate change? To address these questions, we use a simple empirical and mechanistic coral model to explore six scenarios that represent plausible combinations of climate change projections (from four Representative Concentration Pathways, RCPs), cyclones and local stressors. Projections (2017-2050) indicate significant potential for coral recovery in the near-term, relative to current state, followed by climate-driven decline. Under a scenario of unmitigated emissions (RCP8.5) and business-as-usual management of local stressors, mean coral cover on the GBR is predicted to recover over the next decade and then rapidly decline to only 3% by year 2050. In contrast, a scenario of strong carbon mitigation (RCP2.6) and improved water quality, predicts significant coral recovery over the next two decades, followed by a relatively modest climate-driven decline that sustained coral cover above 26% by 2050. In an analysis of the impacts of cumulative stressors on coral cover relative to potential coral cover in the absence of such impacts, we found that GBR-wide reef performance will decline 27%-74% depending on the scenario. Up to 66% of performance loss is attributable to local stressors. The potential for management to reduce vulnerability, measured here as the mean number of years coral cover can be kept above 30%, is spatially variable. Management strategies that alleviate cumulative impacts have the potential to reduce the vulnerability of some midshelf reefs in the central GBR by 83%, but only if combined with strong mitigation of carbon emissions. Supporting Information Filename Description gcb14043-sup-0001-Supinfo.pdfPDF document, 1.2 MB Please note: The publisher is not responsible for the content or functionality of any supporting information supplied by the authors. Any queries (other than missing content) should be directed to the corresponding author for the article.	 Acropora; bleaching; coral reefs; cumulative stressors; Paris climate accord; vulnerability; water quality.	###
